Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Do you have something you want to ask?”

Namgung Do-Wei scratched his head slightly. What suddenly came to mind were Chung Myung’s words that he shouldn’t confront them directly. Knowing what Namgung Hyuk was about to ask, Namgung Do-Wei didn’t want to control their choices as he pleased.

“It’s not that I don’t have something I want to say, but this choice is entirely yours. I cannot force you.”

However, Namgung Hyuk shook his head as if that wasn’t the case.

“I know that, young lord. However.”

“Can we just have a conversation?”

“Yes, conversation.”

Namgung Hyuk glanced at Namgung Do-Wei.

“Actually, all this time, I… thought that if the young lord ordered us, we should simply follow. I thought that was our goal.”

“But after coming here, I think that if I had asked and talked frankly about why the young lord had made me do this kind of training, things would have been better.”

Namgung Do-Wei stared blankly at Namgung Hyuk, then scratched the back of his head with an awkward expression.

“If the young lord doesn’t want it, there’s nothing I can do, but if possible, I would like to talk about it with you. I think I will regret it if I don’t.”

Namgung Do-Wei waved his hand, unable to hide his embarrassment.

“H-How can you not be allowed to ask?”

“Of course, I would rather you ask.”

As soon as he finished speaking, the swordsmen of Namgung gathered around Namgung Do-Wei. It seemed they too felt the same way as Namgung Hyuk.

“Um… young lord, did you know that they were strong?”

“What do you think the secret behind it is?”

“If we follow that training, can we really get as strong as them?”

Namgung Do-Wei, flustered by the barrage of questions, raised both hands.

“Let us take our time and not rush. Isn’t the night long?”

Everyone nodded as if they understood and sat around Namgung Do-Wei.

Namgung Do-Wei looked at them one by one.

‘Has there ever been a time like this?’

He had tried to persuade and lead them before. But as Namgung Hyuk said, he didn’t remember having a real ‘conversation.’

Leading from the front and trusting and following from the back—that was the way of the Namgung family.

That is why Namgung Do-Wei tried to become a strong leader for the family, a strong lord who could raise and lead them without leaving anyone behind.

Maybe there was no need to stick to that old way.

He knew they were still lacking. Shouldn’t those who were lacking fill in each other’s shortcomings?

He nodded with a determined face and said.

“Go and bring Dan too.”

Namgung Do-Wei smiled strangely. It was a peculiar expression that somehow resembled Chung Myung.

“Quietly leave the estate…”

“Bring us some alcohol.”

The swordsmen all looked at Namgung Do-Wei in surprise, but he calmly nodded.

“W-why alcohol now?”

“I think it is needed now.”

He shrugged his shoulders and smiled broadly.

“I have experienced it once, and it is easier to talk when there is alcohol. Since our situation has come to this, let’s let it all out today and have an honest talk.”

Namgung Hyuk nodded with a serious expression.

“I will bring you a cart of it!”

Namgung Hyuk picked a few people and led them out. Namgung Do-Wei smiled at that.

“Let us take it slowly. Maybe… we have too much to say to each other.”

Maybe it should have been like this from the start.

They were suffering from too much pressure. Just as Namgung Do-Wei was feeling the weight of having to lead them, they must have felt a sense of responsibility to become the skilled people supporting the Namgung family.

Maybe what they really needed was a conversation where they could put everything down and support each other, rather than heavy words reminding each other of their duties.

After a short while, Namgung Hyuk brought alcohol and poured a bottle for them all. Namgung Do-Wei lightly picked up the bottle in front of him.

“Let’s have a drink.”

However, the others, except for him, couldn’t readily pick up the bottle. Their faces showed doubt about whether doing that was truly okay.

Namgung Do-Wei did not wait for them and gulped down the drink in his hand as if showing off.

Just like Chung Myung had done before, he wiped his mouth with his sleeve and smiled at everyone.

“Am I the only one drinking?”

Those who had been watching the situation carefully finally picked up their bottles one by one and sipped.

After taking a sip, they all looked back and forth between the bottle and Namgung Do-Wei with new expressions.

Everyone burst into laughter.

“This is my first time drinking with the young lord.”

“Yes. The young lord doesn’t really like drinking, so.”

Words began to flow out carefully, one by one. Stories that had been kept tightly shut, stories that couldn’t be easily revealed.

Namgung Do-Wei smiled as the words slowly came out.

Perhaps those words didn’t mean just to leave them to make a decision.

“Let’s drink until dawn.”

Namgung Do-Wei smiled and lifted the bottle.

It seemed like tonight would be a long one for him, too.

Chung Myung clicked his tongue briefly and drank the alcohol. Then he smiled while emptying the bottle.

“This is why they are called a prestigious family…”

Below, the conversation between the Namgung family’s swordsmen could be faintly heard. Chung Myung shook his head.

It seemed he finally understood what had to be done. Chung Myung let out a deep sigh.

It was fun in its own way. It reminded him of the old Mount Hua.

“Right, drink, you brats. Don’t live with a face like you’re carrying all the burdens of the world on your backs.”

A moderate amount of tension was helpful, but excessive pressure would eat away at people.

“Euh, anyway, I told you they have dirty hands.”

Chung Myung shook his head and took another sip of the alcohol while looking at the moon in the sky.

Chung Myung blankly stared at those standing in front of him.

Right, the numbers were good.

He thought that the three-tenths of a percent would run away, but at first glance, no one was missing. It seemed that the drinking party last night had taken effect.

If the number had been reduced somewhat, it would have been easier for Chung Myung to teach, but in any case, this was beneficial for Namgung to have everyone train.

So, he wasn’t dissatisfied with the numbers… but…

“My stomach… my stomach hurts so bad…”

“No, I told you to move over there and puke!”

The light drained out of Chung Myung’s eyes.

‘This isn’t a flower garden.’

The flushed and pale faces were all mixed together, making a colorful display.

Even though they were clearly keeping some distance, the smell of alcohol coming from them was so bad that he felt like holding his nose.

“… how much did you drink?”

Chung Myung was shocked at the situation and couldn’t do anything.

‘No, I thought Namgung Hwang was the only one who didn’t know what to do.’

It was obvious they had been drinking as much as they could get right away. Since when did the Namgung family’s traditions change this drastically?

Even the Peng family wouldn’t do this, you morons!

“To see a day when…”

When Chung Myung couldn’t even continue speaking, Namgung family swordsmen glanced at one another.

‘This is why I said let us drink moderately!’

‘No, did you think this happened because I wanted it to?’

‘What is the point of wasting the remaining alcohol!’

‘If a man draws a sword, he should at least down a bottle!’

‘Doesn’t the young lord seem to be going down? T-there! He is falling, hurry up and catch him!’

“Oh my! Young lord!”

“Get him up quickly!”

People rushed to Namgung Do-Wei, who had finally fainted. They tried their best to get him up, but it seemed easier to just move him like a puppet with its strings cut.

“Oh my, young lord! Come to your senses now!”

“Someone, go and get me some cold water! Hurry up!”

Chung Myung pressed his fingers against his throbbing temples. Looking at them made his headache worse.

“… They are doing all sorts of things. They are doing everything they can.”

He let out a deep sigh.

As if Mount Hua wasn’t enough, now these people were causing trouble too.

“Anyway… if you came here, it means you want to receive training, right?”

A loud response came back.

This time, a strange silence fell. Chung Myung continued to press his forehead.

“Is training that easy for you guys? Huh? Easy or what? You want to train with this kind of body?”

“We will do our best without any complaints!”

Just looking at their eyes, they were like loyal martyrs going to the battlefield to die for their country. Looking at their bodies, though, they were defeated soldiers who had just returned.

Namgung Do-Wei, who was staggering, stood up straight and spoke to Chung Myung.

“Just give them the order.”

There was a confidence never seen before in Namgung Do-Wei’s eyes. It wasn’t the confidence that came from his position as lord of the family, but the confidence of someone who understood his own situation.

“Then we will do our best to follow.”

“So don’t worry… eukkk!”

“Where is the cold water?”

“I-I am bringing it!”

Chung Myung let out a long sigh.

Right, well. Unlike yesterday, when they were like sand, they came together like mud now. Things that shouldn’t be together were mixed in, so that was why… alcohol was.

“… fine, let us just run and get started. Do you see the mountain there?”

“Go and take a look at the peak.”

The Namgung swordsmen shouted and began running toward the peak Chung Myung pointed to.

Chung Myung watched them roll over and get up, then mumbled as they ran again.

“… the path of suffering is clear. The path of suffering is so clear.”

“No, that is someone else’s duty!”

He swore at the sky, but after a while, he chuckled as he saw the Namgung family running.

“When will they turn into people? Ugh… yah, run!”

The warm sunlight poured down on the backs of the Namgung family as they ran with all their might.

“I told you not to throw up near me!”

Of course… it wasn’t just warm…

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.