Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

A bitter smile spread across Jang Ilso’s lips as he held a letter in his hand.

Jang Ilso closed his eyes slightly, as if he needed time to organize his thoughts. Normally, Ho Ga-Myung would not have interrupted his contemplation.

However, Ho Ga-Myung was now keenly aware that Jang Ilso’s patience was wearing thin. In the end, he couldn’t hold back and spoke softly.

Jang Ilso opened his eyes, which were much darker than usual.

“Demonic Cult, right.”

Jang Ilso let out a hollow laugh.

“There are always variables in the world, but this was something I never expected.”

The accessories on his body jingled as he slowly raised his hand and lightly touched his face, lost in thought once again.

A deep sense of discomfort enveloped his entire being.

It felt as if all his plans were unraveling because of the one variable called the Demonic Cult. He slowly ran his tongue over his lips, and his eyes shone ominously.

“… First, we decided to respond to Black Ghost Tower…”

Ho Ga-Myung flinched at the decisive tone.

“Desolate Gold Elder believes he can calculate everything. He thinks that when the calculations fail, it is due to a lack of information and analysis. Of course, most of his thoughts are correct…”

Jang Ilso spoke with a tone laced with killing intent.

“But not this time.”

“There are definitely beings in the world that defy common sense. The Demonic Cult is one of those rare groups.”

Jang Ilso shook his head.

He didn’t know much about the Demonic Cult. However, he knew one thing for sure: there is no way to communicate with those who are devoted to fanaticism. The world they see and the world seen by those who live for themselves are entirely different.

“There is no way that those who live in different worlds can communicate with each other. Desolate Gold Elder did something foolish.”

“The variables that occurred were the worst, and even the initial response was unprecedented…”

Jang Ilso taunted himself, twisting the corners of his mouth.

“Such a terrible sight.”

He slowly rose from the chair.

A cold voice flowed from his mouth as he stared at the riverside for a moment, as if gathering his thoughts.

“Yes, Alliance Lord.”

“Inform those across the river that the Demonic Cult has appeared.”

“… Is it alright? They will definitely try to take advantage of this situation.”

Jang Ilso never believed in words like agreement and harmony. Those are just made up by the well-off people to justify their actions.

Of course, they seem to believe the words they made up themselves….

“It doesn’t matter. We’re already in a mess now. At least we should make them fall into the same mess. I cannot let them watch leisurely while wearing those clean clothes.”

“… I will do so then.”

Jang Ilso’s ring rubbed roughly.

“Put away the alcohol.”

“Tell everyone not to approach me for a while.”

Ho Ga-Myung nodded vigorously.

Jang Ilso silently stared at the riverside. Ho Ga-Myung, who had been watching his back for a moment, quietly but quickly retreated.

The abbot opened his mouth, seemingly dumbfounded. His eyes trembled.

As soon as the word ‘Demonic Cult’ was mentioned, the atmosphere in the room froze colder than the North Sea. To them, just mentioning ‘Demonic Cult’ was heavy and frightening.

“… Did you just say Demonic Cult?”

“Yes, Abbot! They say that the Demonic Cult has just started in Hangzhou.”

Cold sweat formed on the forehead of the abbot.

The start of the Demonic Cult. Even the abbot of the world couldn’t help but groan at those words.

‘What is this out of the blue?’

Of course, it isn’t completely absurd. The Demonic Cult has always been like that.

Their outbursts always happen without warning. They hold their breath as if they don’t exist, and then all of a sudden, they all stand up.

Wasn’t the war a hundred years ago the same?

The abbot, who was biting his lip, glared at Beop Gye.

“How did you get this information?”

“…The Four Sects Alliance side relayed this to me.”

The face of the abbot distorted at Beop Gye’s answer. Jong Ri-Hyung asked the question he couldn’t bring himself to ask.

“Is that information correct?”

“…What do you mean?”

“If the source of the information is from the Four Sects Alliance, then there is no way we cannot be suspicious. That Jang Ilso has been harassing us with all sorts of schemes till now. There is no evidence that this information itself isn’t Jang Ilso’s work.”

Beop Gye too nodded as if it made sense.

“I haven’t verified the information yet. However, since the information was passed down orally, I thought I should report it first before verifying it.”

At those words, Jong Ri-Hyung nodded this time. Certainly, information about the Demonic Cult wasn’t something to waste time with.

Beop Gye opened his mouth in a heavy voice.

“Convey this situation to the Beggars Union and tell them that we must confirm the facts as quickly as possible.”

“This is an urgent matter. We must find out the truth no matter the sacrifices made.”

“I will keep that in mind!”

Beop Gye ran out right away. The abbot, who was watching, couldn’t help but let out a sigh.

Why did their name come out at this moment?

“Let’s wait a moment.”

The abbot spoke as if he was taking the initiative.

“Even though the Beggars Union has not been able to properly obtain information from the Southern Lands for the past three years, if it is true that the Demonic Cult has started to move from Hangzhou, those facts can be confirmed soon. There are more than a few beggars in Hangzhou.”

“It’s not too late to decide on a response after confirming the facts.”

Jong Ri-Hyung slowly nodded. His expression was trying to look calm, but his heart was pounding, and he didn’t know what to do. Since hearing the word ‘Demonic Cult,’ he couldn’t calm down no matter what he did.

At that moment, Peng Yeop, who had been silent behind him, spoke up.

“If by any chance the Demonic Cult’s start is true, what are you going to do then?”

The abbot looked up and then at Peng Yeop. Jong Ri-Hyung, who couldn’t bring himself to open his mouth, asked back.

“What do you mean? What is the…”

“We already experienced it painfully a hundred years ago that the Demonic Cult is not something that a single sect can handle.”

“A hundred years ago, all sects, regardless of their honor and social standing, joined forces to deal with the Demonic Cult. That means if the Demonic Cult really did start, we might have to join hands with the Four Sects Alliance.”

Only then did Jong Ri-Hyung’s expression change as if he had finally grasped the situation.

Joining hands with the Four Sects Alliance.

It might be inevitable if there is an enemy like the Demonic Cult, but he still felt a strong sense of rejection. Joining hands with the Four Sects Alliance would be like turning everything they had done in the Yangtze River for nothing and throwing the justification they had claimed as a justice faction into the siege.

“If the place where the Demonic Cult originated is Hangzhou, then we must wait for them to cross that river. Do you really intend to do that, abbot?”

The abbot slowly closed his eyes.

After remaining silent for a long time, he finally opened his eyes and said.

“First let us confirm the facts and then discuss about the countermeasures.”

The abbot looked right at Peng Yeop.

“This is not something which can be concluded based on assumptions. Words can easily lead a person to ruin, so I ask you to remain calm for now.”

A heavy silence descended on the room after the gloomy voice of Peng Yeop.

In the thick silence that made the skin tingle, the abbot quietly cried out.

However, unlike the eyes of a normal buddhist monk, his eyes looked dark and sunken.

Baek Cheon and Yoon Jong opened their eyes wide.

Jo Gul, who had delivered the message quickly looked around once more. After confirming that there was no one else around to hear the conversation, he quickly whispered again.

“I heard it clearly, sasuk. Those guys from the Four Sects Alliance clearly told the Sect leader.”

“… And you heard it right?”

“This isnt something to joke about.”

Baek Cheon bit his lips.

‘Damn it, what the…’

No matter how much of a jokester Jo Gul is, he couldn’t go around using the name of Demonic Cult. If he is a disciple of Mount Hua, especially if experienced the Demonic Cult in the North Sea, even more so.

Why is the Demonic Cult suddenly popping up at this time?

His fingertips began to tremble. The Demonic Cult people he had encountered in North Sea, especially the majestic sense shown by the one called as ‘High priest’, were still vividly etched in his mind.

Just thinking about it made him feel the countless wounds he had received back then come back to him.

“What will… happen now? Sasuk?”

Even Yoon Jong, who had always maintained his composure, couldn’t hide his shock now.

How can Baek Cheon know the answer to that?

But, he was certain of one thing.

“What is that guy now?”

Yoon Jong flinched for a moment.

What if Chung Myung heard this news?

Chung Myung is someone who changes at the mere mention of the word ‘Demonic Cult’. If those words reached that bastard’s ears, wasn’t it obvious what would happen? He might run off immediately with a sword in hand.

“He just went to train the Namgung family.”

Baek Cheon glared at Jo Gul.

“Have you relayed the message anywhere else?”

“Ah, no, sasuk. I came running here.”

Baek Cheon nodded with a heavy face.

“Then everyone, keep your mouth shut. Nothing is certain yet, right? It won’t be too late to relay it once everything is confirmed.”

“… If he hears that the Demonic Cult has launched an attack, he might do something reckless. So first, make sure all this doesn’t reach Chung Myung’s ears… no, make sure it gets there as late as possible.”

“What did you just say?”

Everyone there froze for a moment.

A voice that he absolutely did not want to hear at that very moment came from behind.

The blood drained from Baek Cheon’s face for a moment.

Baek Cheon looked up at the sky for a moment and let out a small sigh. However, he couldn’t turn away forever. He took a deep breath and slowly turned around.

“… Chung Myung. So you see.”

Chung Myung’s expressionless face slowly changed. It was a face he wouldn’t show them unless absolutely necessary. Chung Myung exuded a deep killing intent with a wicked and evil look. It was suffocating.

That wasn’t a killing intent meant to threaten them. It was a killing intent that poured out because he couldn’t control the emotions that had burst out in an instant.

A rough voice flowed out from Chung Myung’s lips, as if scraping iron.

“What did you just say?”

Baek Cheon shut his eyes tightly.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.