Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Words are merely a medium to convey the meaning contained within them. However, sometimes the feelings embedded in the words themselves convey more than the meaning they hold.

That was what Chung Myung had just expressed.

The meaning contained within them was significant, but what was conveyed more keenly was the emotion in Chung Myung’s words.

The price that comes with just letting go and waiting for a day.

Who wouldn’t remain silent under the weight of those words?

Slowly opening his eyes, Hyun Jong met Chung Myung’s gaze. It was calm and composed, devoid of reproach or urgency.

The decision might not change. However, there is a difference between making a decision knowing its cost and making one without that knowledge.

Right now, Chung Myung is telling Hyun Jong that he needs to be prepared for everything that will happen because of his one word.

That is why he was saying it.

Just understand. Just understand how much is at stake when the choice that was casually put aside is being made.

Hyun Jong’s voice sank heavily.

Those words, slowly flowing out, suffocated everyone.

How could anyone not tremble at those words? Even if there were such a person, they couldn’t be here. This is the Heavenly Friends Alliance.

“Yes, Alliance leader,”

Hyun Jong looked at Tang Gunak and asked.

“What do you think about what the disciple of the sect has just said?”

Tang Gunak glanced at Chung Myung and began to speak.

“Considering the past actions of the Demonic Cult, it isn’t entirely wrong.”

“Of course, since we do not know the scale of the Demonic Cult that has just begun, the ramifications might be different… it cannot be denied that civilian casualties will increase as time goes by.”

“I do not know about the thousand lives…”

He could understand the implications without needing to hear all the words. It was clear that hundreds of lives were at stake.

There were moments when he felt resentful. There were times when he secretly lamented his own foolishness.

Everyone else had withdrawn, so why did they risk their lives and stand at the forefront until the end? Why didn’t they foresee the future a little better? He once resented his ancestors for this.

But now he understood. They didn’t have the luxury of time.

They must have known what it would mean for Mount Hua to be pushed back. That’s why his ancestors killed Heavenly Demonic without worrying about the aftermath and risked everything to defeat the Demonic Cult.

If Hyun Jong’s ancestors made that choice, what decision should Hyun Jong make now, having witnessed the results of that choice?

Hyun Jong removed his hands from his face and looked at Chung Myung.

“… I will tell you exactly what it is. I do not know what choice is the best to make right now.”

“So listen. What do you think our Mount Hua and our Heavenly Friends Alliance should do from now on?”

Chung Myung stared at him intently and spoke with gravity.

“We shouldn’t wait for the Beggars Union.”

After a pause, Chung Myung looked around at everyone and continued.

“Right now, the one who holds the information about the Southern Lands is the Four Sects Alliance. If you want to get information, then you need to hear it from the most reliable people.”

“Four Sects Alliance….”

A sigh escaped Hyun Jong’s mouth. He knew what it meant to get information from the Four Sects Alliance.

In a situation where the Nine Great Sects were already claiming that the Four Sects Alliance and the Heavenly Friends Alliance were colluding, asking them for information first would only strengthen Shaolin’s claims.

Chung Myung couldn’t have been unaware of that fact. However, he insisted that they needed to receive proper information from the Four Sects Alliance as soon as possible, even if it meant risking everything.

“As you said, the Four Sects Alliance is the first to get this information about Hangzhou, but isn’t it difficult to trust them?”

Chung Myung shook his head at Tang Gunak’s question.

“They will tell you as it is.”

“And why do you think so?”

“There is no reason to lie. If they gave us information, they must have intended to drag us into it somehow. But there’s no need to reduce the size of the enemy troops. If they exaggerated, then maybe.”

Chung Myung stared directly at Tang Gunak.

“While you hesitate, another person might die there.”

Tang Gunak exhaled deeply.

He began to understand how absurd the situation was.

No matter how many beggars there were in Hangzhou, ordinary beggars would have limited ability to grasp the power of the Demonic Cult.

And the warriors of the Beggars Union who could properly assess the power of the Demonic Cult had all withdrawn from Hangzhou because of the treaty of Non-aggression in the Southern Land.

In the end, this meant that the only ones who could provide them with proper information about the strength of the Demonic Cult, which had emerged at this point, were the Four Sects Alliance.

The people holding that information are the most untrustworthy in the world, leaving Tang Gunak at a loss, unable to do anything.

Since he couldn’t trust the Four Sects Alliance, he had to verify the information. But the longer he delayed, the more the civilians would suffer.

How on earth would he resolve the situation?

“… So are you saying that we should believe the Four Sects Alliance’s words and walk towards that place called the Southern lands on our own two feet?”

“I am just speaking of the situation as it is.”

Chung Myung’s gaze shifted from Tang Gunak to Hyun Jong.

“The choice is yours.”

Those eyes weighed heavily on Hyun Jong.

“There is no such thing as a right choice, sect leader.”

Chung Myung growled.

“The world is not that clear cut. Choosing is not about finding the right answer, but rather about deciding where you want to go. Saying you will find the right choice is no different from saying you will not choose.”

Hyun Jong’s fingertips hidden in the sleeves trembled.

“But, there is no such thing as a wrong choice. They are just different choices.”

“Sect leader, the reason the leader must exist is because there must be a moment when they must choose something that isnt divided cleanly into right and wrong. There must be someone who can decide that. no matter what you choose, it will surely be different than not deciding and putting it off.”

It was the right thing to say.

“So just choose. That is enough. The followers and disciples will follow the Alliance leader’s choice.”

Only then did Hyun Jong feel a bit better.

It was the very moment he was about to open his mouth to answer.

“Let me ask you one thing.”

Baek Cheon, who had been silent till then, spoke up. Hyun Jong’s eyes looking at him, flashed with a strange look.

Baek Cheon rarely spoke up first like this, not at Mount Hua’s personal meeting, but at one of Heavenly Friends Alliance. He even cut off the words of Hyun Jong.

Baek Cheon’s face, frozen cold seemed to be filled with killing intent.

“if sect leader concludes that he will not handle the Cult and will just watch from here….”

“What are you planning to do?”

That was a question directed at Chung Myung. However, Chung Myung stayed silent. Rather he didn’t even look at Baek Cheon and just continued to look at Hyun Jong, as if urging the man.

When Chung Myung pretended not to hear and called only for Hyun Jong, Baek Cheon’s voice eventually grew louder.

“You answer, not the sect leader, you brat!”

His voice was filled with anger. It was truly rude behavior, but no one there blamed Baek Cheon for his actions.

Because everyone there heard Chung Myung’s silent answer.

Even if he leaves everyone here, he will head to the place where they are, all alone. Even though the party may not know, the Mount Hua disciples clearly understood the intention of this.

Eventually, Baek Cheon grabbed the sleeve of Chung Myung and pulled him close.

“The clan and the alliance members will all follow the command of the sect leader?”

“Then you? Are you not from the sect or the alliance? Do you not need to follow? You fucking brat.”

The face of Baek Cheon, who pulled the sleeve as if it would tear, was distorted. It was an angry face that he had never shown anyone before.

Chung Myung stared at Baek Cheon with indifferent eyes.

“Let go of this sasuk.”

“Sasuk? Do you think of me as your sasuk?”

“Stop it! What shameful act is this!”

In the end, Hyun Sang couldn’t stand it any longer and rebuked him. Baek Cheon bit down on his lips. Then, he reluctantly let go of the hand which was holding Chung Myung and stepped back. However, the gaze which was glaring at Chung Myung didn’t loosen up.

It wasn’t just Baek Cheon.

The other Five Swords guarding him were also glaring at Chung Myung with eyes no different from Baek Cheon.

Hyun Jong looked around at everyone with stern eyes.

In this situation, he absolutely couldn’t show any signs of wavering. Hyun Jong was a person who understood that fact more than enough.

His mouth opened, and his majestic voice flowed out.

“As the leader of the Heavenly Friends Alliance, and the sect leader of Mount Hua, I hereby command you.”

“Yes, Alliance leader.”

Hyun Jong’s gaze bore down on the disciples, exuding an authority befitting the leader of the Heavenly Friends Alliance.

“Although the situation in the Southern land is urgent, it is too dangerous to enter without proper information. We need at least the bare minimum of intelligence to decide our next course of action.”

Chung Myung’s eyes darkened.

“The most reliable information will come from the Beggars Union. While discussing with them, we will also contact the nearby Nine Great Sects to explore cooperation on this issue. If we cannot obtain proper information from the Nine Great Sects, we will not hesitate to contact the Four Sects Alliance.”

Hyun Jong declared firmly.

“This will not last more than a day, and after that, we will decide on the direction of the Heavenly Friends Alliance’s response. Therefore, from this moment on, I strictly prohibit followers from leaving their posts. No one is to leave this mansion and must wait for further orders. This is an order from the Alliance leader. Anyone who disobeys will be severely punished!”

“I will follow the Alliance leader’s order.”

Everyone present bowed their heads towards Hyun Jong.

However, only one person, Chung Myung, didn’t bow his head and looked at Hyun Jong with cold eyes.

No one knew what was hidden in those deep eyes.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.