Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The middle-aged man stood up and looked down at the abbot with cold eyes. Yet, the abbot didn’t get angry; instead, he smiled broadly.

“I will watch how you respond. If your actions do not match your skillful tongue, all the privileges granted to you up to now will be revoked. No!”

The middle-aged man rebuked him sternly.

“You will have to pay a high price for the treatment you have received so far. Do you understand what I mean, monk?”

The abbot answered seriously, but the middle-aged man remained unimpressed.

“Don’t forget that the Emperor is angry.”

“I hope that old age does not turn against you. A useless warrior is worse than a thug.”

As the abbot rose from his seat and closed his eyes, the middle-aged man, who had been glaring at him with displeasure, turned around.

The door slammed shut roughly. Only then did the abbot let out a deep sigh.

After a while, the door opened carefully again, and Beop Gye entered with a stern face.

“Come and sit down.”

Beop Gye sat down and immediately spoke.

“What are they saying?”

“It’s obvious. The palace is taking this situation seriously, so they are asking us to punish the Demonic Cult immediately.”

“If we cannot, they will hold us responsible.”

The abbot laughed as Beop Gye sighed in shock. It was a mockery somehow unbecoming of a Buddhist.

“The Palace is always like this.”

In principle, the county shouldn’t tolerate a group of warriors or sect. However, in reality, no specific sanctions were imposed on sects such as Shaolin or Wudang.

Because of the principle of non-interference between the empire and private affairs?

That cannot be true.

Externally, they claim the empire and the martial arts world do not interfere with one another, but that is impossible. It is just an excuse made up by the empire to avoid meddling in the murim world.

The fundamental reason is that the existence of the murim world is helpful to them.

When a country stands, it seems that the Palace’s influence reaches every part of its land, but in reality, that is not the case. If that were truly possible, how would rebellions occur, and how would lords exist?

Moreover, the current influence of the Imperial Palace is extremely limited to south of the Yangtze River and is not complete north of it. In particular, regarding the security of the people, the empire has its limitations.

So, from the government’s perspective, the existence of Kangho is not so bad. At least those who claim to be loyal maintain public security in the areas where their sects exist.

“At times like this, I envy the Four Sects Alliance.”

“A-Abbot. What do you…”

The abbot laughed lightly.

“The one who created this situation is the Four Sects Alliance, the one who actually did it is the Demonic Cult, and you are threatening us, who are innocent, with responsibility?”

Beop Gye hesitated for a moment at the abbot’s words and sighed.

The relationship between the Imperial family and the murim world has always been like this. When there is no problem, they treat them like thugs, and when there is a problem, they hold the murim responsible for everything.

But the Evil Sect doesn’t have it like that. In the first place, the Evil Sect doesn’t have a stronghold as clear as the Justice Faction. They are like poisonous mushrooms that bloom in places where the light of the Imperial family doesn’t reach.

The wide Yangtze River, where the navy cannot control everything. The deep mountains here that human hands cannot reach. And the Southern Land, where there is an administrative vacuum.

The Evil Sect has grown its power in all those places. Unlike the Justice Faction, which is located close to Beijing and cannot escape the influence of the Imperial family.

“If it is urgent, why don’t they send the imperial army directly?”

“They say the movement in the north is unusual.”

“So it seems that the situation is not one where they can move the Imperial troops. On the contrary, it seems that even the Imperial troops around Beijing are being supplemented to the north. Meanwhile, they cannot worry about the Yangtze River.”

Beop Gye nodded as if he understood the situation.

They say that trouble comes all at once, and it seems that the circumstances were intertwined like this.

“So they are practically threatening us.”

Beop Gye smiled bitterly. However, he still seemed unconvinced.

“If you were going to be so sensitive to the situation in Kangho, wouldn’t it have been better to help when the Four Sects Alliance first broke out? If you had, the situation wouldn’t have gotten this bad.”

“Four Sects Alliance and the Demonic Cult, seen from the Palace, are entirely different.”

“No matter how much the Four Sects Alliance is an affiliate of theirs, they are people who operate more within the laws of Kangho. Even if Jang Ilso were to unite all of Kangho, would he dare aim for the throne of the Emperor?”

The abbot, who had asked the question, shook his head.

“Even if it was Jang Ilso, that kind of thing is impossible. It is different from Kangho, where you can rule by force alone. Ruling a country isn’t something that people like us can do.”

“But what about the Demonic Cult?”

“Demonic Cult is different. They don’t distinguish between the common people and the Emperor. The laws of sects and policies of the Imperial palace don’t apply to them. The Imperial palace must have already experienced this fact a hundred years ago.”

It’s different from Kangho, which treats past events as past events. The Imperial palace thoroughly records all the events. The records of the Demonic Cult rising a hundred years ago must also be vivid.

“That is why they are reacting so violently.”

Beop Gye nodded as if he understood the situation now.

“What are you going to do now?”

“Even if people ask, not yet.”

The abbot shook his head.

“If we are pushed across the river by them, we will have to bear the full cost of the damage from it. Do you think they will care about the damage we suffer?”

“However, if we disobey the palace’s orders, things could get worse.”

The abbot smiled brightly.

“Don’t worry. He must have made a mistake because he was impatient.”

“You said a mistake?”

“Didn’t I say that the army is being sent to the north? Even if we disobey their orders by a little, they won’t be able to do anything to us for a while.”

‘If we resolve it soon, they won’t bother to ask about the current situation, so there’s no need to be swayed by the current situation.’

Beop Gye nodded quietly. However, something faintly bothered him inside.

Regardless of whether it was possible or not, if the Palace was sending such an urgent request, shouldn’t it be natural for a commoner to follow its wishes?

However, he couldn’t bring himself to speak of it out loud.

“How is the situation?”

“They still seem to be in Hangzhou. They will probably start moving elsewhere soon.”

Beop Gye answered with a heavy heart.

It was good that the Demonic Cult was moving slower than expected, but on the other hand, this meant they were thoroughly destroying the city of Hangzhou.

Thinking about how many people had fallen victim to their clutches, he couldn’t sleep at night, and even when he ate, it felt like he was chewing on sand.

“Four Sects Alliance must be having a headache with that.”

A small smile appeared on the abbot’s lips. The smile, blooming in such a situation, seemed so unfamiliar to Beop Gye.

“Abbot. How is the support from the other sects?”

“They will start contacting me soon.”

“Isn’t it too late? It isn’t some other place; it is the Demonic Cult! Why are they wasting time like this?”

“Isn’t there a distance between everyone now? Even if they prepare and send rescue, it cannot be of any help and will take time to reach us.”

Beop Gye’s face gradually stiffened.

Isn’t the abbot’s reaction so different from when he was requesting support a while back?

Beop Gye quickly erased the absurd thought that suddenly occurred to him. This isn’t something he would dare think about.

The abbot smiled faintly as he looked at him.

“You think too much.”

“Not knowing is comfortable.”

“But sometimes there are facts that cannot be ignored. The duty of those who understand first is to inform those who are ignoring what should not be ignored of the harsh reality.”

Beop Gye, not understanding the abbot’s words, stayed silent. The abbot continued to explain.

“The reason Shaolin’s position isn’t what it used to be is quite simple. It is because people no longer need Shaolin.”

“When there is a strong enemy, you need someone to lead. But when there is no enemy, you tend to think of your own gain.”

The abbot’s voice was calm and composed.

“Soon, all the people of the world will understand who has protected the peace of this world and the spirit of the Justice Faction. When that happens, they will understand why Shaolin is Shaolin.”

“B-But, abbot… if that happens…”

“It is something that must be endured.”

“The role of those guarding the walls that are in contact with the enemy isn’t to stop the enemy. They risk their lives to report the invasion of the enemy, in order to prevent greater damage.”

The abbot spoke firmly.

“How could that sacrifice not be noble? It is the same. Sometimes, there are things which must be endured to prevent greater damage.”

Beop Gye bowed his head deeply.

“Why are you saying this to me?”

“Because it is something that you must know.”

The abbot’s eyes were cold as he looked at him.

“Taking responsibility is sometimes harsh. It is because you cannot do it with just a righteous mind. Others might not know, but you alone must understand this fact.”

Beop Gye bit his lips instead of answering. Today, the abbot didn’t seem like the person he knew. He seemed different.

“In the end, the Imperial palace will also have no choice but to depend on us. Not just the Imperial Palace. The Nine Great Sects, even the Evil Sects. And…”

The abbot’s eyes shone coldly.

But at that moment, Beop Gye spoke.

“But, abbot. Didn’t you say that the Imperial palace remembers the history of a hundred years ago?”

“… What problem will that bring?”

“If… if they truly feel the danger of the Demonic Cult, wouldn’t they go to Mount Hua instead of Shaolin?”

The abbot’s face went stiff at that.

Feeling his anger, Beop Gye lowered his head.

“How is the current Mount Hua compared to the past Mount Hua?”

“I am sorry, abbot.”

The abbot bit his lips tightly and opened his mouth, suppressing his anger. His voice turned slightly agitated.

“What is the Heavenly Friends Alliance doing now?”

“They are not making any moves.”

“That is right… right. They cannot do anything about it. Their righteousness only works when they have calculated that they will be safe.”

A cold cynicism appeared on the abbot’s lips.

But at that moment, Beop Gye, who was watching the situation, quietly opened his mouth.

“… It isn’t confirmed yet, but there are stories going around of a dozen people, including Mount Hua’s Sword Saint, crossing the river last night. The facts haven’t been confirmed, but…”

Beop Gye, who was talking, suddenly raised his head in surprise.

The table in front of the abbot shattered into pieces, scattering all over the place.

“Mount Hua’s Sword Saint. Mount Hua’s Sword Saint. He and a dozen people…”

“Check it again. Right now!”

“What are you doing? Can you not hear me?”

“Yes, yes! Abbot! I will check it right now!”

Beop Gye was startled and ran out quickly.

The abbot, who had been glaring at his back with scared eyes, bit his lips until they bled.

‘Mount Hua’s Sword Saint.’

The abbot also knew it was an overreaction. What could a mere dozen or so people do in this situation?

However… the moment he heard the four words ‘Mount Hua’s Sword Saint,’ an indescribable sense of anxiety surged.

“… crossed the river?”

The abbot’s eyes turned cold.

The fallen prayer beads spread out on the cold floor.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.