Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Silence lingered for a long time.

The words themselves were not shocking. Half in jest, half as a passing remark, it was a story they had heard many times before. Yet, the same words carry vastly different weight depending on when and where they are spoken.

The heavy weight of the word “destruction” seemed to crush their very bodies.

Especially for those who had witnessed the devastation of Hangzhou with their own eyes, these words struck even harder.

A solemn voice escaped Baek Cheon’s lips.

They had seen it. Hangzhou, once hailed as the most splendid and beautiful city in the Central Plains, had become a pitiful ruin.

‘Such devastation spreading throughout the entire Central Plains…’

Baek Cheon gritted his teeth tightly. This had to be stopped at all costs.

The one who broke the heavy silence was none other than Im So-Byeong. Scratching his head with the tip of his fan, his face clearly showed signs of distress.

“It’s far too serious to simply brush off.”

The usual smile that habitually graced his face had long since vanished.

“If the Evil Sect equips itself with full strength as the temple predicts and invades the Central Plains, doesn’t that mean that in our current state, the Central Plains cannot stop them?”

Im So-Byeong’s gaze was sharper and colder than usual. Chung Myung quietly nodded.

“That’s probably the case.”

“…This is a headache.”

Im So-Byeong sighed deeply.

When an external enemy invades, internal conflicts are usually resolved. No, they must be resolved. But he knew it was not as simple as it sounded.

Historically, there have been cases where internal strife was settled due to foreign invasions, but countless times, internal conflicts persisted, leading to the country’s destruction both inside and out.

Im So-Byeong sighed again and shrugged his shoulders.

“Of course, it depends on when the Demonic Cult rises, but the situation is indeed grim.”

Naturally, the faces of the abbot and Jang Ilso came to everyone’s mind.

The world is now divided into three forces.

The Nine Great Sects centered around Shaolin’s abbot, the Four Sect Alliance led by Jang Ilso, and the Heavenly Friends Alliance centered around Mount Hua.

Each faction wields immense influence in their respective strongholds.

Im So-Byeong scratched his cheek, feeling uneasy.

Yes, perhaps if the Demonic Cult had risen five years ago, the situation might have been better. Five years ago, neither the Heavenly Friends Alliance nor the Four Sect Alliance existed.

If the Demonic Cult had risen then, whether it was Mount Hua or Jang Ilso, they would have had no choice but to unite around Shaolin. Survival comes first.

But now, the situation is different.

Over the past five years, Shaolin has lost so much. Comparing its status five years ago to now is embarrassing. Back then, Shaolin was regarded as the North Star of the martial world, protecting the realm, but now it has lost all its prestige and struggles even to control the internal conflicts within the Nine Great Sects.

In contrast, what about the Ten Thousand People Clan and Mount Hua? They have built tremendous prestige, incomparable to five years ago.

‘Along with that, the mutual animosity as well…’

What determines a person’s attitude are disposition and emotions. If the abbot, Chung Myung, and Jang Ilso had met five years ago, they might have found each other peculiar but would not have thought to threaten each other’s lives.

But now, it is hard to imagine these three sitting in the same space. The chasm of animosity they have built is wide and deep.

‘An alliance of such three forces…’

From Im So-Byeong’s perspective, the revival of the Heavenly Demon or the Demonic Cult’s invasion seemed less absurd than this.

His gaze reached Chung Myung.

‘What is he thinking right now?’

The Chung Myung he knew always looked farther than anyone else. Even Im So-Byeong, who prides himself on controlling most things, only realized Chung Myung’s arrangements after some time and was startled more than once.

Hyun Jong, sharing Im So-Byeong’s thoughts, quietly called Chung Myung.

“I want to ask you something. If the situation is truly that serious, what do you think we should do from now on?”

Hyun Jong sighed deeply.

“If we didn’t know, ignorance would be bliss, but now that we know, we cannot remain idle. We must reduce the damage as much as possible.”

“That’s right, Sect Leader.”

Others nodded in agreement with Hyun Jong’s words, but Chung Myung remained silent and unmoving.

“According to you, it seems that only if the entire Central Plains unite is there a chance. Is that correct?”

Hyun Jong nodded with his eyes closed. Then, opening them, he looked straight at Chung Myung with eyes full of determination.

“What do you think is the probability that the Nine Great Sects, the Four Sect Alliance, and we can form an alliance?”

The disciples around immediately reacted to the question.

“Impossible, Sect Leader.”

“We cannot join hands with Jang Ilso!”

“That man is absolutely unacceptable.”

Surprised by the fierce opposition, Hyun Jong looked around. Then, Un Geom spoke on behalf of everyone.

“Sect Leader, I understand what you are thinking. I too respect your cause to unite even with those Evil Sect bastards for the greater good of all under heaven. However…”

Un Geom spoke with resolute eyes.

“Jang Ilso is not someone who can be negotiated with. We have clearly seen what he has done in Hangzhou.”

If someone other than Un Geom had said this, it might have been dismissed as youthful rashness ignoring the greater cause.

But Un Geom is not such a person. He is arguably the calmest person in Mount Hua. For him to say this means there is something felt only by those who have directly experienced Jang Ilso.

At that moment, Tang Gunak also spoke.

“And Alliance Lord, negotiating with the Nine Great Sects is also difficult.”

Tang Gunak shook his head with a heavy expression.

“What they value most is pride and the interests of their sects. Would they accept the alliance proposed by the Heavenly Friends Alliance?”

Hyun Jong could not deny this and remained silent.

“Even if an alliance is formed, it will not be as solid as you think, Alliance Lord. Like the past Five Lords of Shenzhou, it will be a case of different people dreaming different dreams.”

Hearing this, a sigh escaped naturally. This was likely true.

Then Chung Myung spoke.

“No. It won’t be as difficult as you think.”

“Man! What are you saying!”

The startled disciples of Mount Hua looked at Chung Myung in shock. But Chung Myung simply stared at Hyun Jong with an indifferent expression.

“Forming an alliance with the Nine Great Sects and bringing in Jang Ilso might actually be easier than expected.”

“No, that’s not as easy as you say…”

“If they want something, give them what they want.”

Chung Myung firmly cut off Im So-Byeong’s words. Im So-Byeong closed his mouth like a clam.

Chung Myung glanced over everyone present and continued.

“If they want justification, give them justification.”

“If they want benefits, give them benefits.”

Hyun Jong’s gaze darkened momentarily.

“If Shaolin wants the honor of leading the murim world, they can bow before them in the name of the Heavenly Friends Alliance. Just the justification of having secured the surrender of the Heavenly Friends Alliance would allow the abbot to cover up all his past misdeeds, so he would comply with any request.”

Tang Gunak opened his mouth as if to say something but then stopped.

In fact, this was a very realistic proposal. What the abbot desires most now is to restore Shaolin’s lost honor. If the prestigious Heavenly Friends Alliance and Mount Hua’s Sword Saint bow before the abbot, all past failures would seem like minor flaws.

The abbot would even join hands with his mortal enemies for such benefits.

“If Jang Ilso wants practical benefits, give him practical benefits. What he wants is to advance into the northern river region and expand the Four Sect Alliance’s territory. If the Heavenly Friends Alliance cedes the Yangtze River basin to Jang Ilso and appropriately grants territory extending to Sichuan and Shaanxi, Jang Ilso will reluctantly accept the proposal.”

This time, Im So-Byeong groaned.

That would certainly be an unsatisfactory outcome for Jang Ilso, but it is enough bait to bring him to the negotiating table.

There is something to gain without shedding a drop of blood, so that damn guy won’t back out. Especially considering the huge price to be paid to control the Yangtze basin and the western lands of the Central Plains.

“So… if you want, an alliance is possible.”

Hyun Jong did not speak hastily but quietly looked at Chung Myung. He now knew well that when this boy said such things, he hid his true intentions behind them.

“One thing, Sect Leader.”

As expected, Chung Myung spoke in a serious tone.

“That means we must sacrifice ourselves for the greater good.”

“Of course, at first, we can give up something small. But once the alliance is formed that way, to maintain it, more and more must be given to others. If no one wants to sacrifice, in the end, I will have to sacrifice.”

“At first, a finger.”

A chilling coldness began to seep into Chung Myung’s voice.

“Eventually, all limbs will be given, and finally, even the neck must be laid down.”

Chung Myung’s gaze swept over everyone coldly.

“For the greater good of peace in the Central Plains.”

Hyun Jong’s face hardened. He understood better than anyone what Chung Myung meant by these words.

“If that is done, perhaps peace in the Central Plains can be maintained. But Sect Leader… there is one thing you must know.”

Chung Myung’s voice was like a blade throughout. It contained advice, concern, and a deep regret that others could not feel.

“In the peaceful Central Plains preserved that way, Mount Hua will have no place. Sect Leader, you may watch from the afterlife as Mount Hua becomes a forgotten relic… or worse, a subject of scorn and ridicule, unable even to be fully destroyed.”

Hyun Jong’s eyes trembled slightly.

“Yet if that is the cause you wish to protect, Sect Leader.”

Chung Myung paused for a moment. Then he looked at each disciple around him as if engraving their faces in his memory.

“If that is the path Mount Hua wishes to take…”

“I will simply follow.”

Chung Myung quietly closed his eyes.

In the darkened world, one person was shedding tears of blood, looking at him.

‘Chung Mun sahyung…’

Chung Myung’s fist clenched tightly on his thigh.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.