Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Chung Myung asked Tang Gunak.

Tang Gunak smiled mysteriously instead of answering directly.

Chung Myung frowned for a moment. Not because he was upset, but because he saw in that face the expression of a certain person who used to smirk at him.

‘Blood is blood, huh?’

That’s why families are frightening.

Unlike sects where different people carry on the same will, families are connected by blood. That’s why sometimes you can see the faces of past people in them.

“It’s not particularly difficult, though?”

“If so, that’s fortunate…”

Tang Gunak trailed off and glanced at the bottle of liquor in his hand.

“It doesn’t look that way to me.”

“In fact, from your perspective now, my son is just a small fry not worth worrying about.”

He smiled gently and quietly studied Chung Myung’s somewhat gruff expression.

“But even after exhausting all your strength by pushing and teaching people all day, you still came here to check on the situation, didn’t you?”

“I was just looking for a good place to drink.”

“Is this the place?”

Tang Gunak looked around the empty eaves.

“…Your taste is quite unique.”

“I hear that sometimes.”

Chung Myung smiled bitterly, brushing it off. That’s why you shouldn’t take people from the Tang family lightly—they casually hit the core points.

Of course, that man was an oddball even among the Tang family.

“You’ve done well enough.”

At that sudden remark, Chung Myung glanced at Tang Gunak.

“You’ve grown Mount Hua this much, created the Heavenly Friends Alliance, ultimately stopped the Four Sects Alliance, and even blocked the rise of the Demonic cult. Your achievements alone are enough to call you a hero. If only the fools of the Nine Great Sects hadn’t despised you, your fame would be ringing throughout the world by now.”

“Sometimes when I look at you, I feel such self-doubt about what kind of person I am.”

“Ah, don’t say that.”

“What can you do if that’s the truth?”

Tang Gunak gave a bitter smile.

“Let’s have a drink.”

The two lightly clinked their bottles and drank at the same time.

Chung Myung pulled away the bottle, wiped his mouth, and smirked.

“Come to think of it, isn’t it rare for the Lord, the Tang Gunak to drink straight from the bottle?”

“…Unless I’m drinking with you, that rarely happens.”

Tang Gunak looked at the bottle in his hand with a strange gaze.

“But it doesn’t feel bad.”

“Then that’s good enough.”

Tang Gunak slowly nodded. After quietly handling the bottle, he spoke again.

“Yes, it’s impressive. Even with what you’ve done so far. But…”

He soon shook his head.

“You’re trying to do more than that.”

“Sometimes I worry that you forget one thing.”

Tang Gunak turned his head and stared intently at Chung Myung.

“That you are also human.”

“No, I’m not some fool.”

“Right. You’re not a fool. So of course you know.”

In the quiet night, the sound of liquor sloshing in the bottle was unusually loud.

“But strangely, it’s not fools who usually forget that fact. Rather, overly smart people tend to forget it.”

Chung Myung did not respond.

“Well, there are many reasons. They might believe they’re fine, or that no one else can do the job… Everyone has their reasons.”

“But no matter the reason, the fact remains that you’re overexerting yourself. Isn’t that so?”

As Chung Myung’s expression became strange, Tang Gunak smiled lightly.

“What are you thinking?”

“Well… I was thinking how similar words can feel very different depending on how they’re said.”

Chung Myung scratched his head.

Looking back, that guy was definitely crazy.

Fortunately, that bloodline did not continue. For the Tang family, it was a stroke of luck.

“When I think about it, it’s a bit funny.”

“There’s no better candidate than you to train the Tang family. That’s something not even worth debating.”

Tang Gunak, while speaking, wore a bitter expression.

He knows his own limits and understands Chung Myung’s abilities. He knows this is the best for the family.

“Um… if that’s the case, would you do it yourself?”

“No. That’s not it.”

Tang Gunak burst out laughing as he glanced at Chung Myung cautiously. He thought how much this person had changed. When he first saw him in Sichuan, he wondered how someone could be so arrogant.

“It’s not about wounded pride but bitterness. We don’t have much time. So we have to proceed most efficiently. The problem is… the person who creates that efficiency can only be you, and as you pursue efficiency one by one, eventually all the work will fall on you.”

“That’s not a good direction. Isn’t that so?”

Chung Myung, listening, soon chuckled. Though the way of speaking was different, naggers are naggers.

“The reason you’re now trying to teach them is…”

“Mount Hua alone has its limits. So the entire Heavenly Friends Alliance must become stronger. But the guy doing that doesn’t even consider his own limits and tries to take all the work alone. Foolishly.”

“That’s what you’re trying to say, right?”

Tang Gunak smiled gently.

“Let’s leave out the ‘foolishly.’”

“Ah, you have a bad temper.”

Chung Myung laughed and shrugged his shoulders.

“No need to worry. I’m not that foolish. I was just realizing that.”

“A relationship where only one side gives unilaterally can’t be called friendship.”

“It’s an obvious fact.”

“I was just about to make a request.”

Tang Gunak looked at Chung Myung with an interested expression.

The reason he came here was because he wanted to share some of Chung Myung’s burdens. Until now, Chung Myung had taken on too many tasks alone. He hadn’t even asked Hyun Jong or Tang Gunak for help.

Tang Gunak came to say that it shouldn’t continue like this. But Chung Myung quickly said he had a request.

Whether he really has something prepared or is just making it up will be clear when Chung Myung speaks.

At that moment, Chung Myung’s lips curled up wickedly.

“Surely, it’s not easy for the family lord to teach the Tang family. After all, it will be repeating what has been done every day.”

“But… if you change your thinking a little, the family lord can easily become a devil.”

Chung Myung began to share his thoughts. Tang Gunak’s mouth began to resemble Tang Bo’s in a strange way as he listened.

Leaving the room, Jo Gul stretched widely and looked at the sun just beginning to rise.

A whistle came naturally. As he moved energetically, a bored voice came from behind him.

“Why are you in such a good mood so early in the morning?”

Jo Gul turned to Yoon Jong happily and chuckled.

“I’ve been feeling so refreshed lately.”

Yoon Jong was about to say something but shook his head. Actually, he was feeling a bit comfortable these days.

“Because that Chung Myung guy is busy with other things, he can’t bother with us, right? Hahaha.”

“Is that something to laugh about?”

“It’s not really funny. But what can I do if I’m in a good mood?”

Yoon Jong shook his head as if he couldn’t help it.

In fact, even in Mount Hua, the one who suffers the most from Chung Myung’s torment… no, intense training is none other than the Five Swords.

Even when training with other Mount Hua disciples, the Five Swords trained at several times the intensity. How many times has he been fed up with this special “affectionate” treatment that no one envies?

But recently, that Chung Myung guy has been paying attention to the Green Forest and the Tang family, so he hasn’t been able to properly torment them. Thanks to that, Five Swords, who only needs to train as much as the others, has energy to spare.

“Ahh. How great it would have been if it had been like this from the start.”

“It’s not a good thing.”

“I know. I know. You have to train hard to get stronger. But sahyung, shouldn’t there be days like this in life?”

“…That’s not entirely wrong.”

Yoon Jong also ended up smiling slightly.

Jo Gul and Yoon Jong both know well that this situation won’t last long.

Chung Myung’s persistence surpasses common sense. He won’t keep watching the Five Swords slack off. So it’s better to rest comfortably while he can.

Arriving at the training ground, Jo Gul whistled as he saw his sahyungs already out.

“Wow. Everyone is full of energy as expected.”

Thinking of the Green Forest, Tang family, and Namgung Family people who are sacrificed for this, tears come to his eyes… but what can you do? People need times like this too.

Jo Gul greeted Baek Cheon brightly.

“Sasuk, are you out?”

“…Ah. Even that Chung Myung guy isn’t out yet.”

Watching Jo Gul’s banter, Baek Cheon sighed deeply. That guy is like a high-energy puppy; if he doesn’t train enough to burn off energy, he becomes uncontrollable.

“Sasuk, your face looks good too?”

“On the other hand…”

Jo Geol glanced at those standing on the other side. Green Forest and the Tang family looked completely pale and worn out. The Namgung Family was slightly better, but only marginally; they looked equally exhausted.

“Cut it out, Gul. What if that Chung Myung guy starts picking on only us again?”

“Is that a problem? We’ve always been the ones getting hit.”

“Now that you mention it, that’s true.”

“Stop scaring me. I just want to live and die today. Can’t I just say it’s good? Hehehe.”

Baek Cheon gave up and shook his head. He wasn’t someone you could reason with.

Yu Yiseol said quietly. Baek Cheon turned that way and saw Chung Myung approaching with an expression of utter annoyance.

It wasn’t surprising. Chung Myung always looked like that. Baek Cheon was curious because another person was with him.

“I think it’s the lord of the Tang family.”

The Mount Hua disciples frowned.

Tang Zhan looked at Tang Pae standing beside him. His gaze asked if the family lord had been informed, but Tang Pae shook his head as if he didn’t know.

Tang Gunak arrived at the training ground, greeted lightly, and smiled.

“From today, I will also participate in training, so please take care of me.”

“…Is he going to teach?”

“Then will he learn from us, you bastard?”

Yoon Jong immediately cursed at Jo Geol, who was talking nonsense.

Chung Myung looked at Tang Gunak and said.

“Then please take good care of me.”

Tang Gunak exchanged smiles with him and strode to stand before the Mount Hua disciples.

Baek Cheon looked at Tang Gunak with a puzzled face and spoke calmly.

“Lord of the Tang family, the Tang family is over there…”

“This is the right place.”

Tang Gunak gave a strange smile.

“Do you know why I don’t teach the Tang family directly?”

“I don’t know… that’s…”

“Of course, there are many reasons. One of the biggest is that the Tang family’s martial arts focus on poison and secret techniques. Poison can be neutralized by antidotes, but secret techniques, if misused, can cause irreversible consequences.”

Once secret techniques are unleashed, they don’t return. Misjudging the opponent’s ability even slightly can be fatal.

“So I chose to observe as much as possible. But… Mount Hua’s Sword Saint told me.”

“You all have spent three years learning how to survive enemy attacks, right? So now, even using secret techniques barely leaves a scratch?”

…What? That’s news to me?

“That’s good, very good for me too. Besides… I also find it hard to get chances to use secret techniques on people.”

Tang Gunak smiled gently and pulled out from his sleeve four blue-glowing daggers.

“If it’s you, I can throw them comfortably. It will be quite helpful to each other.”

“…I don’t think that’s a good idea.”

“You shouldn’t trust us in this thing.”

“Well then, let’s begin!”

“No, please listen! Family lord!”

“Hahaha! Enough whining!”

A bright smile spread across Tang Gunak’s face. Chung Myung said it resembled Tang Bo’s smile, but in fact, it was more like his own.

The daggers fiercely sliced through the air.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.