Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The way a person looks at another person is generally consistent.

The gaze of a mother looking at her grown child, a father looking at his beloved daughter, or a master looking at a proud disciple is mostly similar in most situations.

But the looks those here now gave Chung Myung were incredibly complex.

And Chung Myung seemed completely unable to understand why they were looking at him like that.

“Why are you looking at a man with such eyes?”

Finally, a groan escaped from Hyun Jong’s lips.

Seeing Chung Myung looking at him innocently with bright eyes as if he had done nothing wrong made Hyun Jong feel a surge of anger inside.

But Hyun Jong is a Taoist. So he spoke as calmly as possible.

“It seems there might be some problems in the Alliance right now.”

Chung Myung tilted his head as if he had no idea.

Unconsciously looking at Chung Myung’s expression again, Hyun Jong lamented his own foolishness. Why look at that face and upset himself even more?

When Hyun Jong was too angry to continue, Hyun Sang gave a bitter smile and spoke. Isn’t it the elder’s role to say what needs to be said at times like this?

“The Sect leader is worried about what’s happening in the Heavenly Friends Alliance right now.”

Chung Myung nodded as if he understood.

“It’s definitely concerning. I understand what the Sect leader is saying.”

Hyun Jong looked at Chung Myung suspiciously. This guy isn’t usually so quick to understand normal stuff…

And as expected, Chung Myung did not betray Hyun Jong’s expectations this time either.

“You mean that we’ve lacked basic training because we’ve only been through real combat. I’ve been thinking about that myself.”

“Ha. This is really not being easy on me. Originally, both should be done in parallel. You can’t be too biased to one side… Should I tell them to sleep less?”

“If they do that, they’ll all die…”

“Eh, do people really die from that much? No, they don’t, they don’t.”

Hyun Jong pounded his chest while looking at Chung Myung, who waved his hand as if that was impossible.

“Hey, you! Do you know how the Alliance members treat each other these days?”

“It’s lucky if they only fight in the training ground! In three days, there have been three knife fights in the dining hall! And twice they’ve had brawls with the neighboring pavilion users while sleeping time was still in due!”

“And! If they’re going to fight, at least fight nicely! They break walls in the rented manor! They tear off roofs! They even set fires?”

“Wow, the fire was a bit much.”

The Mount Hua disciples already had the experience of losing their pavilion to a fire set by those damned bastards when they invaded, so just hearing fire makes them wake up sweating cold.

Ah, so that’s why it was set?

It must be Im So-Byeong. This is definitely Im So-Byeong. He is truly not to be underestimated…

“What on earth is this nonsense! The money paid in damages is going to be more than the rent for the manor!”

“Eh, we made a lot of money anyway.”

“Is money the problem here? Money?”

At that moment, Hyun Young shouted loudly and came to help Hyun Jong.

Startled, Hyun Jong quickly turned his head to look at Hyun Young. This guy isn’t usually on his side?

“Hey, you! No matter how much money you have, if you spend it recklessly like that, you’ll end up a beggar! The more you have, the more you should save! That’s how you have a comfortable old age!”

Hyun Jong sighed deeply with a ‘that figures’ expression.

“I’m really worried.”

Hyun Jong’s face became serious, but Chung Myung’s face remained endlessly bright.

“Fights break out almost every day.”

“Kids naturally grow up by fighting.”

“Injuries are not uncommon either.”

“Kids get hurt when they fight.”

“Their feelings toward each other are worsening day by day.”

“Kids are naturally petty and get offended easily, but the next day they reconcile as if nothing happened…”

Hearing Chung Myung’s ear-piercing answers, Hyun Jong finally shouted in frustration and grabbed the stiff back of his neck.

“Oh dear, Sect leader!”

“You’re old, so don’t get so worked up! Why do you keep doing that!”

Hyun Jong took deep breaths and looked at Chung Myung. But no matter what Hyun Jong did and said, Chung Myung still wore the most innocent expression as if asking, ‘Did I do something wrong?’

At times like this, he really wanted to kick him. Hyun Jong’s greatest misfortune was that the one who brought him great fortune was also the one who gave him heartache.

“What kind of place is the Heavenly Friends Alliance!”

Hyun Jong spoke half in admonishment, half in anger.

“Didn’t you yourself say it’s a place where everyone becomes friends with one heart!”

“Ah, I remember. I do.”

Hyun Jong took a deep breath as if his anger was about to explode and continued deliberately.

“But all you’ve done after gathering everyone is to make them fight! To split them into factions and make them throw punches! Isn’t this just causing the Alliance to split!”

Hearing that, Chung Myung’s eyes widened.

“Yes! Isn’t it splitting!”

“No, Sect leader. What do you mean?”

Chung Myung asked as if he had never heard such an absurd thing in his life.

“They were never truly united in the first place, so how can it be splitting? You have to give birth, raise, and marry off a child first.”

“…What kind of Taoist uses such a metaphor?”

“It’s actually true though.”

Chung Myung shrugged.

“It’s called the Heavenly Friends Alliance, but when have we ever been close with the Green Forest or Namgung family? We haven’t even been close with Sichuan Tang family either.”

“…But we are close.”

“The Sect leader and the family lord might be close.”

“No, even the kids…”

Chung Myung grinned and looked at Hyun Jong.

“Oh dear. Those so-called close kids grab each other’s collars and fight like they’re going to kill each other just because of a little poke. Wow! The chivalry of the Central Plains has hit rock bottom. There’s no need to curse the Evil Sect bastards.”

Hyun Jong was left speechless and stared blankly at Chung Myung like a mute who had honey stuck in his mouth. Actually, that wasn’t entirely wrong. If the Heavenly Friends Alliance really got along well, this situation wouldn’t have happened.

In fact, the Heavenly Friends Alliance is inherently a place where they can’t get along.

No matter how much the sect leader decides the sect’s affairs, hearts don’t always follow. Even if the sect leaders agree to socialize, the disciples don’t necessarily tear down their emotional walls.

But that didn’t mean he agreed with Chung Myung’s words.

“So all the more, shouldn’t such things not happen?”

“If they’re not close, shouldn’t they be made close? But if they keep fighting every day, won’t their relationship only worsen?”

This time, Chung Myung truly tilted his head as if he didn’t understand, not joking.

“Is there a better way for people to become close than fighting?”

“Usually, after exchanging some punches, people become very close.”

Hyun Jong, staring blankly at Chung Myung, suddenly asked as if he understood something.

“Could it be… Chung Myung?”

“That… the closeness you mentioned… does it mean the other person stops arguing or suddenly acts friendly…?”

“Exactly. Also offering drinks.”

Hyun Jong closed his eyes tightly. Moisture gathered at the corner of his eyes.

What kind of life did this guy live before entering Mount Hua? What kind of endless hell did he crawl through to have such a mindset?

“That’s not becoming close, that’s surrendering, isn’t it?”

“That’s what I mean.”

“How can those be the same thing!”

At that moment, Chung Myung chuckled.

“Sect leader. What do you think is the fundamental reason those guys are fighting now?”

“Because you’re sowing discord.”

“Well… to some extent, a very small part is true, but that’s not the fundamental reason.”

Chung Myung said bluntly.

“Sect leader. We are Taoists, but before that, we are warriors.”

“What do you mean by that?”

“Warriors are a breed who inevitably live with the pride of wanting to test who is stronger.”

Hyun Jong closed his mouth. Seeing that expression, Chung Myung grinned.

“If you gather hot-blooded kids and just tell them to respect each other, will that simply work? If it’s a problem that will explode someday, it’s better to let it explode early and clear it up.”

Hyun Jong looked at Chung Myung with a face of disbelief.

“So you mean… they’re having a hierarchy fight now?”

“You could say that.”

“No, they’re not neighborhood dogs, what hierarchy…”

“Eh. It’s the opposite.”

Chung Myung waved his hand.

“Even neighborhood dogs do it, how can people not? It’s only natural.”

“The phrase ‘our side is stronger’ never disappears across East and West and all times. Rather than forcibly suppressing it, it’s better to let them fight it out.”

Hyun Jong’s mouth dropped open.

This sounds somewhat consistent with Taoist logic.

Taoism does not forcibly resist the natural flow, whether it be the flow of the world or the human heart. Forcibly blocking it only makes things worse.

“If someone else said this, I’d praise them for being excellent…”

The problem is that this guy treats the sacred Taoist philosophy as a mere excuse to strengthen his sophistry.

“The words… yes, the words are right. Ahem!”

But Hyun Jong, the Sect leader of the Taoist sect, found it too difficult to refute this. After carefully choosing his words several times, he finally spoke.

“But… yes. Even so, isn’t it better to get along well? Ideally, shouldn’t it be in harmony with Heaven’s will?”

Chung Myung made a strange expression.

“So you mean, no matter what you think inside, outwardly pretend to be close and laugh and joke?”

“Well, not quite that much.”

“That’s good. Of course, that’s not bad either.”

Hyun Jong tilted his head at the unexpected answer. What is this guy trying to say again?

Sure enough, a wicked smile appeared on Chung Myung’s lips.

“But that… place where they keep up appearances, pat themselves on the back thinking they’re doing great things, and outwardly laugh and pretend to be close.”

“I know such a place very well. Have you heard of the Nine Great Sects?”

Hyun Jong couldn’t control his bursting anger and covered his face.

“Oh dear, if the Sect leader wants it to be like the Nine Great Sects, what can I do as your disciple? I have no choice but to step into that world of hypocrisy and pretense with tears in my eyes…”

“Cut it out, you brat!”

Chung Myung, who had thoroughly upset Hyun Jong, suddenly became serious and spoke.

“Sect leader, you really don’t want that, do you?”

Hyun Jong had no choice but to nod..

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.