Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Baek Cheon swiftly struck down the flying poisoned blade.

The poisoned blade, coated with venom so strong it could put a person into a coma just by grazing them, could not overcome the power contained in the sword and was flung high into the sky.

“…I roughly understand it.”

Baek Cheon gripped his sword tightly and looked at those standing before him.

“So this training… isn’t just about adapting?”

He realized this while fighting Tang Gunak, Namgung, and the Green Forest. Despite fighting so much, their real combat experience was still lacking.

To be precise, they have abundant experience in one-on-one battles but are extremely lacking in group combat experience. Especially when multiple groups with different tendencies fight together, they cannot even demonstrate half their true strength.

Probably Chung Myung saw this clearly. That’s why he made them undergo this training.

And once again, Chung Myung’s scheme showed definite effect. The more they fought, the faster they understood how to handle this chaotic battle. This is what it means when the body understands and moves before the mind does.

Yes, good. All good. The problem is…

‘It’s not just us experiencing this.’

Those gentlemen are absorbing not only group combat experience but also real combat experience through this training alone. They grow stronger and sharper day by day.

So much so that Baek Cheon, who faces them, is repeatedly surprised.

‘Have people watching us felt like this all along?’

Watching those visibly growing right in front of him is a very unique experience. Especially when clashing swords and feeling that growth physically, emotions multiply.

Watching someone grow is both fulfilling and evokes a sense of crisis to your position. The will to never be caught up ignited naturally.

This was definitely a good thing.

…If only it was just their ‘skill’ that was growing.

“But… this is a bit…”

Baek Cheon looked displeased at those slowly approaching him.

Tang Pae, holding poisoned blades in both hands with a sinister smile, was understandable. After all, for Tang Family, this training started with the purpose to defeat Mount Hua.

Namgung Do-Wei, who was creeping closer with a slightly awkward but resigned expression…

And Im So-Byeong, approaching with a blatant ‘you’ve been caught’ expression, was a bit different, wasn’t he?

Baek Cheon quietly raised his hand and gently spoke to those approaching.

“It seems… the meaning of the training is somewhat fading…?”

“…Wasn’t this supposed to be a chaotic battle?”

The one who responded was none other than Im So-Byeong.

“Oh dear, it seems like taoist Baek Cheon is under some misunderstanding.”

“…You still think this looks like training? Huh?”

Baek Cheon shivered as he saw Im So-Byeong growling openly.

“Well, if you think about it… it is training, isn’t it?”

But Tang Pae seemed to have a different opinion from that lowly Evil Sect guy. Indeed, the young lord of the prestigious Sichuan Tang Family…

“Training is training. But it’s training where only Mount Hua enjoys the fun alone.”

No, no. Tang Pae was colder. Well… thinking about it, Tang Pae probably harbored more ill feelings.

“We want to enjoy that fun too… but you’re really narrow-minded, Taoist Baek Cheon.”

“…So you poisoned the food we ate yesterday?”

“Hahaha. Isn’t it Mount Hua who taught us not to spare any means or methods when facing enemies?”

“Still, that’s a bit…”

Namgung Do-Wei, who had been silently listening, spoke up.

“Please don’t misunderstand, Taoist Baek Cheon. There is no ill will in this whatsoever.”

“This is merely a strategic decision. If we just mix and fight wildly, Mount Hua keeps winning, right? There’s nothing more foolish than repeating losing wars. Isn’t that so?”

That’s right, Young Lord of Namgung. Of course.

But to make that argument convincing, you might want to move that twitching sword aside first… The sword keeps twitching as if it wants to stab my throat—is that just my imagination?

“Until now, it must have been fun.”

“The feeling of winning and returning must have been very refreshing.”

“It’s not bad to start tasting the bitter taste of defeat. We’ve tasted it enough to become stronger. This is all done with Mount Hua in mind.”

“Hahaha. Just kidding.”

Namgung Do-Wei joked and cut off Baek Cheon’s words.

“Mount Hua should have no problem facing the three of us simultaneously.”

“There is a problem.”

“Ahh, that must be so. Because it’s Mount Hua.”

“…I said there is a problem! Hey?”

Baek Cheon broke out in sweat and stepped back hesitantly. The other Mount Hua disciples guarding him also tightly gripped their swords and slowly retreated.

But they were surrounded on three sides, and the pavilion blocked the rear. Where could they possibly go? This was a battlefield where strategic retreat did not exist.

“I finally understand the profound teachings of Taoist Chung Myung.”

“So he means to win, we must first strike the head?”

“The head here is Mount Hua?”

Madness gleamed in the eyes of the three leading each sect. Though they spoke politely, their eyes showed no mercy. Their determination to crush Mount Hua burned like wildfire.

Baek Cheon let out a bitter laugh.

It’s truly good that their skills improve. Mount Hua can also ignite its will by watching them. But…

“Acting this dirty and cheap crosses the line!”

“You picked the wrong day! Mount Hua bastards!”

The alliance of Tang Pae, Namgung Do-Wei, and the Green Forest suddenly attacked Mount Hua. The Mount Hua disciples’ faces turned pale seeing the overwhelming wave.

“Hey! Block them, block them!”

“Aah! Don’t let them spray poison first!”

Mount Hua resisted fiercely, but the three sects, determined to completely crush Mount Hua this time, charged without hesitation.

“This is revenge for comrades who died by your swords!”

“We didn’t kill them, you bastard!”

Amid the chaos, a trace of sorrow filled Baek Cheon’s heart.

Chung Myung… They say it’s the Mount Hua fire over all of Central Plains, but isn’t this the Chung Myung fire of all Central Plains? I’m not sure if this is really okay. Hey? Chung Myung…

Meanwhile, at one side of the training ground.

Chung Myung, watching the training ground that starkly showed the ruthless reality of the murim world, popped a bean into his mouth.

“They’re having so much fun playing.”

Kids grow by fighting, after all.

“Are you okay with this?”

“It looks like Mount Hua is getting beaten up?”

Chung Myung chuckled at Tang Gunak’s words.

“Those guys have been a bit arrogant lately; it’s not bad to let them lose some air this time.”

Tang Gunak laughed heartily and looked at Chung Myung.

But he couldn’t finish his sentence. Chung Myung wasn’t laughing at all.

“…Is it not a joke though?”

Tang Gunak cleared his throat softly. For a moment, he underestimated Chung Myung.

Chung Myung said indifferently.

“These rookies nowadays think they’re strong.”

“They think they’re strong…”

Tang Gunak smiled bitterly.

Right now, Mount Hua is facing Tang Family, Namgung, and Green Forest simultaneously. Of course, they’re being pushed back, and those three forces aren’t at full strength, but the fact they are facing them is important.

If even they are called rookies, then who in the Central Plains isn’t a rookie?

“You seem to have excessively high standards.”

“The Central Plains’ standards are excessively low.”

Having said all he wanted, Tang Gunak looked back at the training ground and quietly spoke without turning his gaze.

“Are you sure this is okay?”

Though the same question, this time the meaning was different. Chung Myung nodded as if understanding what was meant.

“It’s not something to be stopped.”

“But Heavenly Violet Pill is not a spiritual pill to be wasted easily. If used by Mount Hua, it might have greater effect.”

“If eating spiritual pills made everyone stronger, the emperor would be the strongest person in the world. Or maybe the merchants would be.”

The important thing is balance.

There is a limit to the benefits gained from spiritual pills. Generally, without taking spiritual pills, the level of martial skill is higher than internal qi. Therefore, taking spiritual pills dramatically increases martial ability.

However, after possessing a certain level of internal qi, spiritual pills become less useful. If not, each sect would not have concentrated spiritual pills on their top warrior instead of young disciples.

“Mount Hua guys have been consuming so much that it no longer matters.”

“Of course, that’s true. Yes, it is. But…”

Tang Gunak turned his gaze and looked Chung Myung straight in the eyes.

“Those who will become Mount Hua disciples aren’t the last to get, are they?”

Chung Myung fell silent at those words. Tang Gunak sighed softly and spoke as if determined.

“You know too, but ice crystals and purple grass herbs don’t grow infinitely. In the North Sea, ice crystal production has drastically dropped. They’ve been mined harshly, so from now on, only tiny amounts can be obtained. Otherwise, they have to use low-quality ice crystals.”

“Purple grass herb is the same. It wasn’t hard to find in the past. But now, even in Yunnan, it only grows in specific places. It’s impossible to cultivate, and its natural habitats are shrinking day by day.”

Chung Myung scratched his head. This wasn’t wrong. Considering the situations in the North Sea and Yunnan, the Heavenly Violet Pill’s usefulness would soon end.

“Perhaps the Heavenly Violet Pill you make this time might be the last batch. But are you going to give that precious pill to them? Not to Mount Hua’s successors?”

“The sect leader can’t be unaware of this. And the disciples will soon know. This isn’t a matter to decide lightly.”

Tang Gunak continued with a stern face.

“If the Heavenly Violet Pill is used well, Mount Hua might firmly hold the position as the world’s top swordsman sect not only in the next generation but perhaps beyond that. But if you use the pill like this, there will be no more spiritual pills to bring glory to Mount Hua for generations. Are you truly confident you won’t regret that decision?”

While listening, Chung Myung said nothing. He only wore an expression that was impossible to read.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.