Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

In later days, the members of the Beast Palace recalled that day like this.

“They say a tiger jumped into a flock of sheep, but actually, tigers don’t cause such a fuss just by targeting sheep.”

“That’s right, exactly.”

“Usually, when a tiger comes, the sheep rush to one side, and the tiger just takes one sheep from the edge of the group and that’s it.”

“In the first place, predators rarely attack animals they don’t even eat on purpose.”

“That’s right… definitely so.”

So the scene of that day could not be explained with such words.

“If I had to find something similar…”

“Can you really find something similar to that?”

“No. It wouldn’t be similar… but when I tried to find words to explain to those remaining in the palace, there was only one thing.”

“Once, I saw a weasel crawl into a chicken coop. That weasel was so ferocious that it killed all the chickens, even though it didn’t eat them.”

“That’s right. Weasels are like that.”

“Meanwhile, the chickens were trapped inside the coop and couldn’t escape… it was truly chaos.”

“It was exactly like that. We were the chickens…”

“Is Mount Hua’s Sword Saint the weasel?”

“No… now that I think about it, this analogy is a bit wrong. Comparing him to a weasel is just not right. Um, yeah. It was just Mount Hua’s Sword Saint invading the chicken coop.”

“I still have nightmares about that day. The demonic Mount Hua’s Sword Saint rolling his eyes and charging at me…”

“S-stop it. Please stop…”

“I still seem to hear the screams from that day. Like auditory hallucinations…”

The disciples of Mount Hua are brave.

No one can deny that fact. Mount Hua was the sect that mobilized the most people to the dangerous southern rivers, and those who stood firm against the feared high priest of the demonic cult were also from Mount Hua.

In fact, even without such examples, no one would deny that Mount Hua is the bravest sect in the murim world now… more so, a sect with guts that burst out of their chests.

But those brave disciples of Mount Hua are now screaming as if they’ve seen ghosts and are scrambling to flee.

“Get out of the way!”

“No! Sasuk! What will happen if Sasuk runs away?”

“Shut up, you bastard! Do you think I have two lives?”

A long-time victim… no, having endured Chung Myung for a long time, they know better than anyone what state he is in now. When Chung Myung is like that, there is no way to deal with it. If you want to live, you have to run first.

But unfortunately, their backs were also too familiar to Chung Myung.

Baek Cheon, startled by the desperate screams behind him, instinctively rolled his body on the ground. At that moment, something fierce brushed past over his head.

“Y-you intend to kill me… Gyaaak!”

Before he could finish his words, Chung Myung struck Baek Cheon’s jaw upward. Baek Cheon flew into the air in a perfectly straight posture.

Even while flying from the blow, his dignified posture naturally drew admiration as ‘That’s Baek Cheon.’ Of course, the one being hit wouldn’t be happy to hear that.

Having sent Baek Cheon flying with one strike, Chung Myung’s bloodshot eyes gleamed as he searched for the next victim. Beast-like sounds escaped from his mouth.

Yoon Jong lowered his stance and cautiously reached out one hand.

“Ch-Chung Myung. L-let’s calm down first, okay? Be good…”

Chung Myung’s foot slammed right into the center of Yoon Jong’s face. Unable to even scream, Yoon Jong spun like a well-hit top and was thrown beyond the Tang Family and the Green Forest to the corner of the estate wall.

White steam rose from Yoon Jong’s fallen face. Seeing the clear footprints on his face sent chills down everyone’s spine.

“Baek Cheon’s and Yoon Jong’s stances…”

Those present here had fought fiercely for many days already. They knew each other’s abilities very well.

Baek Cheon and Yoon Jong could no longer be called mere skilled disciples. If thrown into the murim world right now, they would be considered peak masters at least.

But regardless of their skill, their fate was equal before Chung Myung.

At that moment, Jo Gul, regaining consciousness and sitting up, looked around with dazed eyes. Puzzled by the strange atmosphere, he suddenly froze. His gaze met Chung Myung’s, whose eyes were almost rolled back.

A subtle silence fell.

Jo Gul smiled faintly.

“Ah… I should have just died earlier.”

And at that moment, Chung Myung flew like a tiger, pouncing on Jo Gul and mercilessly throwing punches.

“Are you human? Are you human?”

Fist-like boulders rained down on his face. Jo Gul’s head spun wildly.

“Die! Die, you bastards! Die!”

As his head spun and his view changed, he alternately saw the terrified faces looking this way and Chung Myung’s eyes rolled back.

Even as his consciousness faded, a small smile lingered on Jo Gul’s lips. He saw Yoon Jong unconscious nearby, also faintly smiling.

Of course, it wasn’t madness or losing his mind.

“You guys… are all done for now…”

Until now, only Mount Hua suffered, but if others suffered together, it would be worth dying for.

“Just… try experiencing it once…”

Even with his face swollen, Jo Gul smiled happily before his head lolled sideways. Chung Myung slowly stood up, leaving Jo Gul sprawled.

A drop of blood pooled at his fist’s tip fell to the floor. That small sound spread widely in the silent training ground.

“…If you were human.”

Those staring blankly at unconscious Jo Gul shuddered and turned their gaze to Chung Myung.

“There should still be some decency.”

“That’s Green Forest…”

“That’s the Tang Family. I saw it!”

“The palace lord was the first to fall ill after fighting, and those who dragged beasts here couldn’t even manage them, letting them raid villages?”

“…That’s Ice Palace.”

Of course, even with ten mouths, there’s nothing to say.

No matter how much Chung Myung caused the situation, everyone was responsible for letting it escalate. Just because the higher-ups relaxed, if you spread a blanket and hold the game pieces there, you can’t complain if you get wrapped up in that blanket.

“I was short-sighted. I thought you were at least human. Because you’re human, I thought you’d behave like humans. But… you weren’t human?”

“Then there’s a fitting way. In the past! The great sect leader of Mount Hua said this.”

“W-what did he say…?”

“To dogs, madmen, and disobedient disciples, the rod is medicine!”

Though no one made a sound, Chung Myung suddenly shouted into the air and charged toward Tang Pae nearby.

“Protect the young lord!”

The Tang Family’s guards shouted in panic. They threw needles and sprayed poisonous smoke at the charging Chung Myung.

Chung Myung drew his sword and spun it like a windmill as he surged forward. The strong wind pressure pushed away the poison smoke, and the needles bounced off in all directions.

Tang Pae, pale as a sheet, hurriedly retreated and scattered hidden weapons from his sleeves wherever he could.

“Ah! Poison Sting! Feather Needle! Ghost King’s order! Blood Sucker! Ah! Again! What else! Ah! Seven…”

But despite his struggles, Chung Myung reached him and grabbed Tang Pae’s wrist.

“Seven Steps Soul Chase?”

Cold sweat streamed down Tang Pae’s forehead.

“T-taoist! I would never do such a heinous thing to you…”

“Really? Then what is this in your hand?”

Chung Myung held his wrist and lightly shook Tang Pae’s hand. The poison pouch in his hand shook weakly.

“…This is… yes. Just ordinary mountain poison. Very weak…”

“Is this bastard playing with me right now?”

Chung Myung’s fist plunged into Tang Pae’s abdomen without hesitation. The impact made Tang Pae’s mouth snap open. Chung Myung opened the poison pouch in his hand and shoved it directly into the open mouth.

“If it’s ordinary mountain poison, it shouldn’t be a big deal.”

“It’s okay. You won’t die, won’t die. At worst, it’s Seven Step Soul Chase poison. Surely you won’t die from that?”

Tang Pae foamed at the mouth and fell backward. The Tang Family trains from childhood to build poison resistance, so the young lord wouldn’t die from his own poison, but having taken that much Seven Step Soul Chase poison means he won’t function properly for a while.

As expected, Tang Pae, fallen backward, began convulsing and twisting his body strangely.

Those who saw this were all half in shock. Where in the world would you see a Tang Family member collapse from their own poison? Especially the young lord of the Tang Family.

“Ah, you all like poisoning, huh?”

At Chung Myung’s question, the Tang Family’s disciples desperately shook their heads. But Chung Myung searched Tang Pae’s sleeves and began pulling out many things.

“T-those are dangerous if handled carelessly…!”

“But where have you used those…? Why are you so natural with holding them…?”

Chung Myung, holding many poison pouches from the Tang Family in both hands, began chuckling.

“Ah, have I used them before?”

“Come on, where would I have used these? Of course, this is my first time.”

“…I don’t think so.”

“You’re very familiar with them…”

“It’s my first time, first. So… just try dying, you bastards!”

“Your words don’t make sense!”

Chung Myung threw the poison pouches and released his qi. Green, black, and pink poisonous smoke spread instantly where the Tang Family stood.

“No, what did that guy bring to have such equality!”

“D-don’t breathe! You’ll get poisoned!”

In the poisonous smoke feast that seemed unreal, Chung Myung tore off his ill-fitting clothes and laughed maniacally as he charged.

“Hehehehe! This is exciting!”

The Tang Family’s disciples trapped in the thick poison smoke shot up into the sky like fireworks. Pitifully.

It was the Heavenly Friends Alliance realizing only now the simple truth that all recklessness must pay a price.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.