Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

A worn coin, stained with hand grime, was slammed onto Baek Cheon’s forehead, who resisted until the very end.

The wooden coin shattered into pieces as Baek Cheon foamed at the mouth and fell backward.

From his outstretched forehead, a white steam rose gently.

Tang Gunak, who had taken down even Baek Cheon who resisted until the end, lightly shook off the hand that threw the coin.

“Mount Hua’s people certainly have tenacity.”

“Compared to that, the Tang family guys have no persistence at all.”

The Tang family members lying face down flinched at the brief conversation. Even without looking up, they could clearly imagine the eyes with which Tang Gunak was looking down on them.

“Well, it can’t be helped. Our kids are those who tumbled down those rough mountains, while the Tang family kids lived comfortably in the fertile Sichuan lands. How can they be compared?”

“…That sounds like you’re saying the Tang family lacks fighting spirit because they live in comfort?”

“Hahaha. That’s hilarious. Saying the Tang family has no fighting spirit. Hahaha.”

“You weren’t joking?”

The sound of Tang Gunak grinding his teeth was clearly heard. At that chilling noise, those lying down trembled again.

‘No, that crazy bastard…’

‘Why does he have to provoke people to that extent?’

Those who had fallen felt like coughing up blood, but Chung Myung never cared about such things before, nor would he in the future.

“Ah, now that I think about it, maybe that’s not the case.”

“…What do you mean by that?”

Chung Myung clasped his hands and supported the back of his head, jokingly speaking.

“Now that I think about it, it’s probably not because they live comfortably. The Namgung Family kids, who grew up even more comfortably than the Tang family, definitely have persistence.”

“Then why is the Tang family like that? I just can’t figure it out. Is their land unlucky? Or is it something innate… Ahem.”

At that moment, Tang Gunak’s venomous gaze fixed on Tang Pae and Tang Zhan. Already cautious, the two quickly buried their heads into the floor.

“…The reason probably doesn’t matter. We just need to change the outcome.”

“Well, that’s true. But it’s not an easy task.”

“Even if it’s hard, it has to be done. Somehow.”

Unseen tears welled up at the corner of Tang Pae’s eyes.

Today’s Tang Gunak was different from yesterday. Of course, he had pushed them aggressively yesterday as well, but today, as if he had a knife in his mouth, he rampaged on people with fierce determination.

Just recalling the murderous aura Tang Gunak emitted made one’s pants wet; why provoke such a person even more? Why on earth!

That damn Taoist bastard!

Meanwhile, Chung Myung glanced at the sprawled figures and spoke.

“Fortunately, there should be plenty of time. It looks like they still have a long way to go to get beaten.”

“I don’t know if that’s fortunate or unfortunate.”

Chung Myung chuckled at Tang Gunak’s words and shouted toward the sprawled ones.

“We’ll have the same training tomorrow. Make sure to prepare properly and come out.”

“Though no matter how you prepare, the result will probably be the same. Hehehe.”

Chung Myung turned and left the training ground. The elders of each sect and Meng So followed behind him after glancing at the fallen.

The only one who did not follow Chung Myung and stayed behind was Tang Gunak, who frowned and spoke.

“Yes, yes! Family lord!”

Tang Pae suddenly raised his head. At that moment, he met Tang Gunak’s cold, subdued gaze. Tang Pae trembled. It was a look rarely seen recently, reminiscent of Tang Gunak’s eyes before meeting Chung Myung.

“Everyone must at least do their part.”

“Is there anyone among you who showed the qualities worthy of being called the descendants of the Sichuan Tang family today?”

“Mount Hua’s Sword Saint might have said it as a joke, but to me, it doesn’t sound like a joke. Since you were given everything without earning it with your own hands, there’s no reason to be anxious or desperate.”

Tang Pae silently bowed his head deeply.

“As punishment… today, the entire Tang family fasts.”

Since they failed to earn their meal, there was no room for excuses about not eating.

Tang Gunak glanced around everyone with an emotionless gaze and soon left the training ground. At the same time, Tang Pae, who was barely holding on, collapsed and buried his head into the floor.

After a long time, Jo Gul staggered and got up.

“Ughhh. No… did everyone pick the same day?”

His voice was full of irritation and fatigue. Jo Gul glanced at the person lying beside him like a corpse and said.

When there was still no response, he poked Yoon Jong’s side with his foot.

“Sahyung, are you alive? Sahyung.”

“…Not dead, you bastard.”

“Eh, what? I thought you were dead.”

A groan escaped from Yoon Jong’s mouth.

If he had even a little energy left, he would have mercilessly dealt with that insolent Jo Gul, but now he was so exhausted that even if the Evil Sect rampaged, there was nothing he could do. Above all, the crown of his head hurt so much from Chung Myung’s blow that it was hard to even speak.

How does Jo Gul have the strength to tease that brat like that even after going through the same ordeal? He got hit twice as much.

“But isn’t this a bit too much?”

“No… I’m just speaking the truth. Chung Myung and the sect leaders and elders have teamed up and charge at us. How can we possibly deal with that! What kind of training is this? It’s just beating disguised as training.”

“What’s new? We’ve always been on the receiving end.”

“Huh? Now that you mention it…”

Jo Gul tilted his head. Meanwhile, Yoon Jong sighed deeply. Though he didn’t say it, he shared the same thought.

By numbers, it would be natural for them to win, but as repeatedly emphasized, in the murim world, the difference in numbers doesn’t mean much.

An adult can exert at most ten times the strength of a six-year-old child. But that doesn’t mean the adult is exactly ten times stronger.

Though unlikely, if an adult truly charged at six-year-old children, it would be natural to defeat not ten but a hundred of them.

In the murim world, the gap between an absolute warrior and others is even greater.

Mount Hua, which has constantly faced Chung Myung, is familiar with such situations, but the problem is…

Yoon Jong glanced at those sprawled out. He couldn’t see the expressions of those face down, but he could see the faces of those lying on their backs looking at the sky.

Yoon Jong came to a clear conclusion.

‘They’re all done for.’

Wouldn’t someone who confidently left the exam hall believing they had the perfect answer, only to realize that night they were disqualified for not writing their name, have a face like that?

No, their faces looked even better compared to these utterly defeated ones.

Yoon Jong fully understood their feelings.

‘We were like that at first too.’

The murim world is full of warriors, but those recognized as absolute warriors are surprisingly rare. If a sect has even one or two, it can be considered prestigious.

So, many who call themselves martial artists never see the face of an absolute warrior in their lifetime.

Those belonging to prestigious Justice factions have some chance to see their elders, so their situation is somewhat better. But absolute masters, busy improving their own skills, rarely mingle with the many children of families like flies. At best, they might teach a few talented kids a few times as a game.

‘Having seen such gentlemen roll their eyes and charge with full force.’

If you don’t lose your soul after being hit head-on by the killing intent of an absolute warrior, that would be stranger.

At that moment, Baek Cheon, who had fallen last, staggered and raised his upper body.

“As expected of the sasuk, your recovery is fast.”

“He has gotten used to getting hit.”

“True. I’ve been hit quite a bit, but compared to the sasuk, it’s just a scratch.”

Hearing words that could be praise or insult, Baek Cheon grimaced.

He ground his teeth fiercely.

“Just that Chung Myung bastard alone is driving me crazy.”

Facing Chung Myung, who single-handedly sweeps through Mount Hua, is no easy task. Moreover, Meng So, who draws more attention than Chung Myung because of his size, rampages like a beast, and between them, Tang Gunak’s hidden weapons fly.

The elders of each sect filled the gaps barely found, leaving no solution.

Of course, the number of trainees also increased, but…

“You’re a hindrance.”

At Yu Yiseol’s quiet words, Baek Cheon deeply sympathized.

‘It would be better if they weren’t here.’

He had never imagined that having allies could become a hindrance. Yet, such an absurd thing was happening in this training ground.

The formations they perfected to face Chung Myung were utterly useless. Others interfered in their movement directions, and the chaotic atmosphere of other sects spread to Mount Hua.

He even thought it would be better to face Chung Myung, Meng So, and Tang Gunak with only Mount Hua, without those others.

‘Is war always this complicated?’

He thought that just building a stronger force would win. But what he experienced today in this training ground was enough to fundamentally twist that thought.

‘If power is overly concentrated in one place like this, it could actually be harmful.’

Then what should be done? If gathering strength causes interference, but not gathering strength means you can’t face a powerful enemy?

“…In this case, each sect must move separately, and a few must go around supporting the places where they are being pushed back.”

At Yoon Jong’s words, Baek Cheon nodded heavily.

Not wrong. In this situation, that’s the best. But even so…

It was at that moment.

One of the Beast Palace Archers suddenly stood up and angrily shouted with a swollen face.

“Why do you keep poking around in front? The Palace Lord is not someone you can handle! Even real swords don’t pierce the Palace Lord’s body, so what do you think you can do with wooden swords!”

At those words, Jo Gul narrowed his eyes.

“Are you seriously talking to us now?”

“Yeah! You Mount Hua bastards! What do you think you can do with that poking swordplay, blocking our way! Because of you, we can’t fight properly!”

Mount Hua disciples gaped. Hindrance? Who exactly is hindering whom to say that?

But there was no need to argue. Someone else would get angry at those words.

“Muscleheads spouting nonsense. If you hadn’t interfered and let us and Mount Hua unite, the situation would have been twice as good.”

“What? Because we use the same sword?”

“That’s just the truth. You guys are of no help at all!”

The Ice Palace immediately sided with Mount Hua.

At that moment, Im So-Byeong, who was listening, snorted.

“Then why don’t you two face each other yourselves?”

Then Namgung Do-Wei gritted his teeth and intervened.

“Do not blame our allies. Why create division!”

“Oh my. The esteemed Namgung Family members even talk to this filthy Evil Sect bastard. I’m honored.”

They openly mock and shift blame to each other. The emotional rift is so deep that even in this situation, they grind their teeth at one another.

Baek Cheon sighed deeply.

‘I don’t know if this is right, Chung Myung.’

His gaze turned toward the place where Chung Myung had gone.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.