Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Jong Ri-Hyung twitched his lips and looked at the back of Beop Jeong, who had bowed his head.

At first, he thought Beop Jeong had lost his mind.

How could the other sects of the Nine Great Sects accept the words of restoring Mount Hua and giving up everything they could?

This was nothing less than an unconditional surrender declaration to the Heavenly Friends Alliance.

But the moment Beop Jeong spoke his last words, Jong Ri-Hyung realized his true intention.

‘There is nothing to lose.’

What damage would come to the Nine Great Sects by recognizing Green Forest as part of the Justice faction? Even if those external sects were recognized as Central Plains sects, would they suddenly abandon their lands and flock here to settle?

Tang Gunak and Namgung are just returning to their places. So practically, Shaolin is only conceding by recognizing Mount Hua.

Of course, creating a counterpoint to Shaolin’s sole leadership of the Nine Great Sects by Mount Hua would not be pleasant for Shaolin. But…

‘It’s incomparable to having the Heavenly Friends Alliance outside.’

No. On reflection, putting Mount Hua as a counterpoint might not be bad for Shaolin. Unless Shaolin had an unshakable position, but currently Shaolin is clearly shaken, isn’t it?

What if a sect opposing Shaolin comes from outside in such a situation?

Other sects that don’t want to lose power to Mount Hua will surely rally under Shaolin. The reason Shaolin is being attacked now is partly Beop Jeong’s mistake, but also because Shaolin is perfectly above the other sects.

People always want to pull down the one who stands highest.

‘But people hate someone surpassing them even more than the one who stands above them from the start.’

No one wants two people standing above their head. If that happens, Shaolin will rather get a chance to recover its shaken position.

‘The more I think about it, the more perfect it is.’

If Mount Hua accepts this proposal, Beop Jeong will instantly become the hero who unites the divided Justice faction against the Four Sect Alliance and the Demonic Cults. A hero who sacrificed for the world by giving up what he had!

What’s more astonishing is that all this was originally what Beop Jeong should have done. If things had gone naturally, it would have happened like this, but it was achieved dramatically through many pains.

People usually care more about dramatic resolutions than natural victories, don’t they? The saying ‘turning misfortune into fortune’ exists for times like this.

‘What will you do, Hyun Jong?’

Jong Ri-Hyung’s gaze fixed on Hyun Jong, whose expression had hardened.

Of course, if the Heavenly Friends Alliance rejects this proposal, it will be all for nothing, but such a thing is unlikely. The moment they reject it, all the justification and values the Heavenly Friends Alliance has upheld will be completely destroyed.

And what remains will only be the judgment that they ignored the sacrifices of common people in pursuit of power.

But how on earth could they reject this proposal?

Jong Ri-Hyung could see it. The dagger of Beop Jeong lodged in Hyun Jong’s side. A dagger that pierced flesh, split bone, and tore into the lungs in an instant.

It was the moment Hyun Jong swallowed a hollow breath as if groaning in pain.

“Why… why must it be us? If so, then Shaolin should just join the Heavenly Friends Alliance! Wouldn’t the same result come if the Nine Great Sects and the Five Great Families joined the Heavenly Friends Alliance?”

Jo Gul, sensing something was wrong despite not understanding fully, shouted hurriedly. His words were excessively rude for a third-class disciple of Mount Hua to say to the Shaolin sect leader.

But Beop Jeong did not blame Jo Gul; rather, he smiled as if he found it admirable.

“Of course it’s possible. But that cannot happen.”

“Because the common people are also those who fight alongside us. Which name would they be more familiar with?”

“And shamefully, the other sects of the Nine Great Sects would refuse to dissolve the Nine Great Sects and join the Heavenly Friends Alliance. That would only cause further division.”

“So I ask this of you. I believe there is no better way than this.”

Beop Jeong looked at the remaining people.

“There is only one principle. To unite strength in a better direction to save more people. If you know a better way than mine, teach me. If it is reasonable, I will surely follow.”

There is no such method.

Even those here all accepted it. The method Beop Jeong spoke of was the strongest means to oppose the Four Sect Alliance and the Demonic Cults.

‘Fight alongside the Nine Great Sects?’

It made the struggles to strengthen forces earlier feel foolish. Of course, those efforts were not entirely in vain, but the name of the Nine Great Sects was that huge.

Tang Gunak bit his lip slightly and said.

“Earlier, you promised equal status to Mount Hua. But in the end, isn’t that just words? Is that realistically possible?”

“Why do you think it’s impossible?”

“Even if Shaolin recognizes us, other sects won’t.”

Beop Jeong smiled gently.

“Why worry about that? Then those here can help, can’t they?”

“Changing affiliation won’t erase the bonds you’ve built. Isn’t that more certain support than those flimsy promises and status?”

“The Nine Great Sects’ case is a bit…”

“Tang Gunak. There is nothing perfect in this world.”

Beop Jeong shook his head and said.

“If you don’t give up even one thing you have and refuse to concede even one point, harmony and compromise are just dreams.”

Beop Jeong slowly turned his gaze toward Hyun Jong.

“Isn’t that right, sect leader?”

Hyun Jong just laughed.

Until recently, they called him the Alliance leader of the Heavenly Friends Alliance without fail, but now they call him sect leader as if he were already part of the Nine Great Sects. Quite a clever phrase.

“I have one question, sect leader.”

“Why are you going this far?”

Beop Jeong looked at Hyun Jong with unwavering eyes.

“You must be doubting my true intentions now, sect leader.”

“Then I will be honest. I am now very personal, blatant, and full of desire.”

“One day in the future, I never want to hear that the crazy monk Beop Jeong rampaged without knowing what to do and turned the world into a den of the Evil Sect.”

“If my words sounded like a threat, it’s because I am that desperate. I may not become a hero who saved the world, but I do not want to be a traitor who plunged the world into misery. If that happens, I won’t have the face to meet Shaolin’s ancestors even after death. I’d rather fall into endless hell and suffer forever.”

Hyun Jong’s fingertips trembled slightly.

Beop Jeong was simply calmly revealing his inner thoughts, but to Hyun Jong, it sounded like a sharp warning. That if he rejected this proposal, he would become the traitor.

Even though he knew it was not the intention.

“Therefore, I intend to do what I originally should have done, even if late. Regret is late no matter how early, and the past cannot be undone, but isn’t it better than not regretting at all?”

Hyun Jong could no longer understand.

The one sitting before him seemed like a snake filled with deadly poison, and at the same time, like a high monk who had abandoned all worldly attachments and attained enlightenment.

No, perhaps both were one and the same.

He could not understand. Beop Jeong’s actions and goals were those of a monk, but the results of his acts were pushing Mount Hua into a corner. The supreme good was pressing him like a severe evil.

‘Perhaps… the abbot was like this from the beginning.’

When he believes something is right, he strives to enforce that right with all his might. In the process, he fears no sacrifice, endures loss of face, and stubbornly withstands momentary humiliation.

Yes, this is just the image Beop Jeong has shown from the opposite side until now. The difference is that now his goal has changed to be with them.

Can one say that is wrong?

Everyone is looking at Hyun Jong.

Those who were passionately discussing the future of the Heavenly Friends Alliance just moments ago now looked at his mouth with faces that didn’t know what to do.

All these great people here were completely swayed by Beop Jeong.

No, without exception?

Hyun Jong’s gaze naturally turned to one person. The one who always opened the way whenever he was cornered.

“Mount Hua in the Nine Great Sects…”

Before Hyun Jong’s gaze could reach, Chung Myung’s relaxed voice flowed like water in the room. That voice naturally drew everyone’s attention.

“Well, it’s not bad. If the sect leader keeps all he said.”

“If there’s no trust, I’ll even swear an oath. The price can be my neck.”

“Well, if you say that much.”

Chung Myung shrugged his shoulders.

“Then will the Nine Great Sects become the Ten Great Sects? The name sounds a bit off.”

Beop Jeong chuckled.

“What’s so important about the name? The Nine Great Sects means ten sects, but it has long become a symbol itself. So even if eleven sects join, people will understand.”

“Well, that might be true.”

Chung Myung nodded with his arms crossed.

“You’re more impressive than I thought. Honestly, I never imagined you’d be cornered this much.”

Beop Jeong smiled gently at those words.

“Hearing this from Mount Hua’s Sword Saint, it seems I did make a good proposal.”

“I’m so happy I want to dance. Since when did you think of this?”

“I just saw it after letting go.”

“…Maybe I should try Buddhism.”

Chung Myung shook his head as if he couldn’t stand it. Beop Jeong, watching him closely, spoke again.

“So, what will you do? Your answer?”

“…I can’t think of a way to refuse. Honestly, if we don’t accept this, Mount Hua will be cursed throughout the world until it bursts.”

“That’s simply because it’s the right thing. Isn’t it?”

“…That justification and path was the sword I wielded, but to think the abbot would wield it.”

Chung Myung clicked his tongue loudly and raised both hands slightly, as if surrendering.

“Then can I take it as acceptance?”

“Well, I suppose so. I don’t know about later, but for now, the priority is to respond positively and discuss.”

“Good. I don’t expect an immediate answer here either. Take your time to think.”

Beop Jeong’s smile showed his confidence. Chung Myung looked at him and said.

“But before that, I have one question.”

“You said earlier it was to save even one more person? And that’s why you gave everything up?”

“Are you sincere about that?”

Chung Myung smiled slyly. Their eyes met with a playful look.

“Then what about the Southern Island Sect?”

“…Southern Island Sect?”

“Yes, the Southern Island Sect. Surrounded by the Four Sects Alliance at the southern tip of the Jiangnan region.”

“I’ll decide after hearing that. Tell me, what will you do with them?”

Those who had been holding their breath there clearly saw the piercing cold gaze of Chung Myung piercing through Beop Jeong.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.