Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The small fishing boat rocked violently in the oncoming waves.

“Careful. If you fall, the current will sweep you away!”

“You worry too much. Do you think I’ve been doing this for only a year or two?”

“Exactly. And all those who left like that said the same before they went.”

“This fellow is ominous…”

The man hauling the net frowned and looked at the net he pulled up. The net was empty. He clicked his tongue in disappointment.

“Today’s catch is really…”

“That’s how it is the day after a typhoon. Stop whining and get back to work.”

“We’re probably getting nothing today anyway. Why not wrap it up and go have a drink?”

“Are you crazy? We starved through the storm. If I go home empty-handed today, my wife’ll skin me alive.”

“There’s hardly anything left anyway.”

Sunburnt, bronze-skinned men jostled and took turns hauling in the nets.

Thick beads of sweat streamed down, but their faces showed more joy than strain. No matter how hard work at sea could be, it was nothing compared to the agony of being stuck ashore and doing nothing.

“We need to haul something before sunset.”

Just then, as they cast pleading glances toward the indifferent sea,

One of the men hauling the net spoke in a flustered voice.

“Th-there, what’s that?”

“What are you talking about?”

“Over there… don’t you see the ships?”

“We’re surrounded by boats here, so what’s the fuss?”

“No, over there! Those ships! The ones coming in a swarm!”

The workers straightened their bent backs and craned their necks. Sure enough, dozens of huge ships were clearly visible, pressing toward the island in the distance.

Those who instantly recognized who rode those ships went pale and shouted.

“Turn the boat! Turn the boat around!”

“Quick! Get out of the way! Don’t collide!”

“Forget the net! Hurry!”

The fishing boats abandoned their hauled nets and scattered in panic. Moments later, huge warships cut through the sea lanes they had opened.

The fishermen watched the passing ships with trembling fear. Huge banners flew from them; on the crimson-embroidered flags was the character, ‘Hegemony’.

“F-four Sects Alliance…”

“Those bastards have come after all…”

It wasn’t the first time they’d seen Four Sects Alliance’s ships. For three years Four Sects Alliance’s vessels had cruised the waters, keeping watch over Southern Island.

But those had merely been patrols; this was the first time a fleet this large had come to Southern Island under Four Sects Alliance’s banners.

Those who understood the implication watched the departing ships with eyes full of despair.

The scent of blood already seemed to cling thickly in the air.

“Yes, Commander! According to those watching the island, no one has left the island.”

Ho Ga-Myung nodded lightly.

‘Are they wise, or just stupid.’

There was likely no way out. But sitting around doing nothing wouldn’t change a thing.

Ordinary people, when faced with a dead end, tend to sit down and give up rather than try to carve a way through.

A sneer flickered in Ho Ga-Myung’s eyes.

“Useless people, that Southern Island sect leader too.”

From the Southern Island faction’s perspective, taking to boats and fleeing the island was not a good option. Wherever they went, they couldn’t escape the net Ho Ga-Myung had spread. It would only lead to a more miserable death.

“If they’d chosen naval combat, there would’ve been at least a sliver of a chance.”

Ho Ga-Myung’s sole worry was that they’d sail out and fight. Even the greatest martial artists are hampered aboard ships, and the Ten Thousand People Clan’s fighters were unskilled in naval tactics, which would have increased his odds.

‘If only we could’ve brought the Pirates, there’d be no worry at all…’

But that wasn’t realistic.

The Pirates were essential for a stand-off with those Justice faction bastards. Moreover, any reduction in Pirate forces would be conspicuous and a heavy blow.

“It doesn’t matter.”

Even if they engaged in naval combat, it would only be a minor nuisance.

Perfect preparation is ideal, but sometimes speed matters more than perfection. Ho Ga-Myung judged that quickness was more important than flawlessness in this matter.

“How far out are we?”

“They’ll arrive within an hour.”

“How far from the shore to Oji Mountain?”

“At full speed we can reach it within 2 hours.”

“Total of three hours with both… make it four hours to be safe.”

A languor crossed Ho Ga-Myung’s gaze as he stared at the sea. Still, his mind was rapidly sorting the situation.

This was the task Jang Ilso had entrusted to him. Not a speck of negligence could be allowed.

“Judging by Southern Island sect leader’s temperament, he’ll camp at his main hall and wait for us with the gate wide open.”

“…Surely he wouldn’t be that complacent?”

“Not complacent; he’d consider it natural. The Justice faction’s mindset can be absurdly bizarre at times, beyond our understanding.”

They believe dying heroically in direct combat is glorious. Especially as crises escalate, this tendency intensifies; such is the Central Plains Justice faction’s trait.

Only recently, outliers like Mount Hua made that stance seem strange; not long ago most Justice factions in the Central Plains behaved that way.

So from the Evil Sect’s perspective, it’s ludicrous.

The Evil Sect believes that if you’re outmatched, it’s natural to ensure victory by poison, traps, or even taking hostages; whatever produces results.

Ho Ga-Myung turned at the voice calling beside him.

“Did Alliance Lord’s order say to wipe out that island?”

Ho Ga-Myung’s face twisted slightly at the question.

“How many times must I say it for you to at least pretend to understand? The ones to be wiped out are only the Southern Island Sect people.”

“Of course I know. I’m asking about the others heading to the island, not the Southern Island Sect.”

The voice was cold. Ho Ga-Myung sighed deeply.

“That won’t happen, Blood Sword Captain.”

“We’ll see about that.”

Ho Ga-Myung’s eyes narrowed in displeasure.

He could control the local leaders level without much trouble, but captain-level figures couldn’t be fully crushed by force or authority; especially when he operated alone without Jang Ilso.

It was because, compared to the clan’s internal authority, Ho Ga-Myung did not possess overwhelming military force.

His rank was high, but their force was greater. Thus a somewhat horizontal relationship was unavoidable.

Of course, so long as Ho Ga-Myung didn’t try to crush them, they wouldn’t dare move against him under Jang Ilso’s protection, but…

“The long journey has tired the kids. If they return without seeing blood, they might riot on the mainland.”

“Isn’t that more likely to be you than the Blood Sword Troops?”

“I won’t deny it outright.”

A sigh escaped Ho Ga-Myung’s lips.

“Keep them in check. Don’t anger Alliance.”

The Blood Sword Captain Gwi Yang finished speaking and turned away coolly, as if he didn’t want to stay near Ho Ga-Myung a moment longer.

Ho Ga-Myung frowned as he watched Gwi Yang’s back.

No matter how much he tried, the moment they were even slightly away from Jang Ilso, they revealed their brutal natures.

Madmen even the Evil Sect couldn’t tolerate; public enemies. That these men were the Ten Thousand People Clan’s greatest force was both the clan’s greatest strength and its greatest weakness.

Their power had made the Ten Thousand People Clan Guangdong’s hegemon under Jang Ilso, but their uncontrollable savagery made it impossible to unify the clan’s strength.

Only Jang Ilso could hold them on a leash. Even Ho Ga-Myung’s fame as the clan’s number two held no sway over them. He could only cajole and coax them into action.

It annoyed Ho Ga-Myung, but that was all. His gaze turned toward the Southern Island.

‘But for them it will be a literal calamity.’

He could already picture the Southern Island soaked in blood.

“Maintain maximum speed.”

The fleet under Ho Ga-Myung’s command surged forward at full speed toward the Southern Island.

Southern Island’s disciples ran until their feet sweated, drilling holes into the bottoms of boats anchored at the shore. Gwak Hwan-So watched them anxiously.

“Will they finish in time?”

He tore his eyes from the boat and answered Chung Myung’s question.

“They’re working on it now.”

“Wouldn’t it be better to just smash the boats instead of wasting time?”

“The enemies aren’t fools. If they arrive and find every boat smashed, they’ll suspect a trap.”

“Trust us. We’re people who make a living with boats. We can keep them afloat until the enemy arrives, then make them sink when they try to board.”

Chung Myung glanced at Im So-Byeong, who shrugged and said,

“So we planned to break them into pieces to look like typhoon wreckage, though it would be a bit unnatural. This way is better.”

“Do you think the Evil Sect fools have the wit to notice that?”

“…What, do you consider the Evil Sect like dogs and pigs?”

“Why insult dogs and pigs? What did they do to deserve that?”

“…Did you have a grudge with the Evil Sect in a past life?”

“You’re talking nonsense. You don’t need a past-life grudge to curse the Evil Sect. Objectively speaking, they’re less than vermin.”

Im So-Byeong silently drooped his shoulders. At that moment Namgung Do-Wei approached with a puzzled expression.

“But wouldn’t it be better to destroy all the island’s boats? Why only the ones on this shore…”

Before he could catch his breath, Im So-Byeong, seizing on a convenient patsy, stared at Namgung Do-Wei with exaggerated surprise.

“Wow, for real. An idea even the Evil Sect wouldn’t have.”

“If we destroy all the boats, won’t the Ten Thousand People Clan bastards who land be stuck?”

“Trap those overly enraged Evil Sect bastards on the Southern Island? What’ll happen while they’re repairing their ships?”

…Probably a scene from hell. They’ll take out their fury on Southern Island’s residents.

Namgung Do-Wei suddenly realized what he’d suggested and tried to correct himself, but Im So-Byeong didn’t give him the chance and seized the moment.

“Ahh, as expected of the Namgung Family surviving centuries in a world of blood and death. Indeed! To build such achievement, one must treat human lives like ants…”

“Sh-shut up! That’s not what I meant!”

“It’s fine, it’s fine. It could be. From the Evil Sect’s point of view it’s a brilliant idea. If so, why not take this chance to defect to the side that suits you…”

“What kind of nonsense is that! Shut up!”

Tang Pae watched Namgung Do-Wei wrestle with Im So-Byeong and shook his head.

That fellow’s mouth has really become sharp.

But it was odd to watch; though they hated each other, in moments like this they strangely worked well together.

“Um… Mount Hua’s Sword Saint.”

Gwak Hwan-So, who was directing the disciples, hesitantly addressed Chung Myung.

“May I ask you something?”

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.