Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Jin Geum-Ryong’s sharp gaze fell on Lee Song-Baek, who returned to the Southern Edge Sect’s side.

“Was that really something to be so triumphant about?”

“Of not course, sahyung.”

“Anyone here could beat down that child.”

Jin Geum-Ryong stared at Lee Song-Baek with cold eyes.

The fact that elders of the Southern Edge Sect had sat down to make a sword technique with all their heart and soul, clinging to change, but the attitude of this man meant that he would never listen.

From one to ten, he hated that child the most.

If Chung Myung was the hated enemy that he needed to defeat whenever they met, Lee Song-Baek was the person he hated the most.

That suited him the best.

“I didn’t mean to criticize the path you followed with that sword technique. But don’t show such an unsightly appearance.”

“I will keep that in mind.”

Feeling the sharp gazes on him, Lee Song-Baek sighed.

Lee Song-Baek was a dull person.

He had the will to go his own way, but he lacked the skills to persuade others. All he could do was attempt to show them he was on the right path. But, the road to achieving this proper form of the Southern Edge’s sword technique was long and lonely.

He sat down and fixed his gaze on Mount Hua’s camp.

‘How was it, Disciple Chung Myung? Was I on the right track?’

An answer no one would give, but he wanted to hear it from Chung Myung.

“This ugly disciple lost to Southern Edge. I will accept any punishment!”

Baek Cheon let out an empty cough.

Seeing such courageous words being thrown out, he felt proud yet sad. Normally, it was the sasuk who should be saying something nice…

But someone moved ahead and tapped Tang Soso on the shoulder,

“In life, there are times when you win, and times you lose! If you have to be punished for losing just once, then we would have no good people left in the world! Straighten those shoulders!”

Tang Soso’s eyes widened at the kind words of unkind Chung Myung.

Could this bastard be this nice?

When Baek Sang lost, wasn’t it this bastard who slashed that guy’s head again and again with harshly spoken words?

Chung Myung looked at Tang Sos and said,

And he lowered his voice even more,

“Did you do your best with your sword?”

Tang Soso, who thought for a second, answered with bright eyes,

“Right. Then that is that. Win next time.”

Tang Soso bit her lip,

Chung Myung chuckled.

‘I thought I picked her up as a bonus.’

Tang Soso as a swordsman, wasn’t someone he had high expectations for. But she was doing a lot better than he thought she would, which had to be commended.

‘And the others seem to be stimulated.’

Whether the sword of Tang Soso showed more than expected, the tension on the faces of Mount Hua disciples was clear. They couldn’t let the youngest catch up to them.

Martial arts sects always need someone running behind them. And if Tang Soso played that role for Mount Hua, then Mount Hua would become stronger.

Tang Soso went back to her seat, nodding her head, and flinched when she met Yu Yiseol’s eyes,

Yu Yiseol held out a water bottle she had left next to her and handed it to Soso.

Hesitating, she accepted it by looking into the eyes of Yu Yiseol in shame. And Yu Yiseol only said,

“The use of the wrist is different from when you use a sword compared to throwing daggers. The more you think about it and learn, the sharper the things get.”

“I will keep that in mind, sago!”

Tang Soso, whose expression brightened, sat next to Yu Yiseol.

Baek Cheon, who looked at that happily, turned to Chung Myung,

“The sword… that Lee Song-Baek showed.”

“I was thinking and…”

“My Dong-Ryong is so well grown. You figured it out too.”

“I told you not to call me that.”

“Hehehe…, ah, why bring your sword out?”

Chung Myung pressed down on the sword of Baek Cheon, which was being pulled out of its’ sheath, and smiled as he continued,

“Your thinking is right.”

Baek Cheon looked at Lee Song-Baek with serious eyes.

‘It is completely opposite to Mount Hua’s sword.’

Mount Hua’s sword, a sword centered around attacking. It was the most splendid sword in the world, and it was something that aimed to repeatedly attack the opponent to gain victory.

Wasn’t the plum blossom sword technique sometimes criticized for being too lively for a taoist’s sword?

On the other hand, the Thirty-Six Strokes Sword of Lee Song-Baek was a perfect defense.

It was a sword that simply blocked all attacks; it aimed for victory through an impenetrable defense.

That thought became a certainty when he saw Tang Soso and Lee Song-Baek clash.

“You didn’t think that Mount Hua and the Southern Edge Sect would bite and claw at each other for centuries just because of proximity, right?”

“…let’s leave it at that.”

‘What is with this guy?’

Baek Cheon coughed at Chung Myung, looking at him.

Uh, this was embarrassing. Fortunately, Yoon Jong accepted the words on Baek Cheon’s behalf,

“Is it because our martial arts are polar opposites?”

“Since we were close to them, and we both belonged to the Nine Great Sects, and so, of course, that would lead to some occasional clashes. But fundamentally, the two are opposed, so getting along would be tough. One had to defeat the other to prove themselves.”

There were sects with ambiguous relationships within the Nine great Sects, but there were very few with relationships like the one between Mount Hua and the Southern Edge. The fact that the bizarre relationship began with their interpretation of martial arts was a new surprise.

“But, the sword that Lee Song-Baek used? The other disciples didn’t seem… they were using one similar to our plum blossom sword, though?”

Chung Myung added a few words,

“The downfall of the Southern Edge Sect.”

“… but, from the outside, it looks stronger.”

Chung Myung said firmly.

“The martial arts of a sect aren’t about being strong or weak. All martial arts tend to follow a path that the sect pursues. Some let go of strength for that.”

“… you mean to say that the Southern Edge Sect will collapse? Just like us in the past?”

“Mount Hua was abandoned.”

But Southern Edge would bring this upon themselves.

The difference was a lot bigger than one could know.

Chung Myung glanced to the side at Lee Song-Baek,

“But we never know. Their immediate downfall cannot be avoided, but depending on how well their new seeds grow, one day, a bigger tree than now can grow out.”

And he continued in a serious tone,

“Things which rise are bound to fall someday, and there are those who will rise again one day. That is how the world flows.”

Baek Cheon looked at him with strange eyes,

“When you say such things, you look like a Taoist.”

“It doesn’t suit you.”

Chung Myung, who wanted a fight, got up with a smile,

“Then, I need to go and make more money.”

Jo Gul raised his hand and asked,

“So, you are saying that the Southern Edge Sect’s future is determined by how well Lee Song-Baek is treated?”

“… then it is ruined.”

“Well. I could not answer that.”

Chung Myung tilted his head,

“Didn’t you see the match drawings?”

“If you win today, he will be your opponent.”

“Sasuk, Jin Gem-Ryong and you get Lee Song-Baek.”

It really was unfortunate.

“Everyone did a good job.”

Hyun Jong smiled happily.

“It is a pity that a few lost, but do not feel discouraged. Your journey through life is long, and this is just a passing rain.”

“… it might hurt to lose now, but the wounds will train you more.”

“… so, do not be discouraged and… and…”

“Here is another sack!”

“Do not forget that you are a disciple of Mount Hu-Hua….”

“Ugh! You rotten idiots!”

Hyun Jong threw the fan he was holding at Chung Myung.

Sitting next to Chung Myung, Hyun Young reached out, grabbed the fan without even looking back, and put it to the side.

“Why are you angry again, Sect Leader?”

Hyun Jong’s face flushed red in anger at the innocent question,

“Can’t you go and count the money somewhere else?”

“We were seated here first! Aren’t you the one who barged in? Sect Leader, you have been using your authority too much these days.”

Hyun Jong was shocked.

Next to him, Chung Myung shook his head and added,

“And he has turned into a frog that kicks the tadpoles. And even interferes with the counting of money! If it was you in the past…!”

Hyun Jong’s shoulders dropped. And Baek Cheon approached the man and rubbed his drooping shoulders,

“Don’t bother with them, Sect Leader. We understand you.”

But whether he was bothered by them or not, Hyun Young, Chung Myung, and Wei Lishan were having the time of their lives.

Hands sorting the coins of gold, silver, and money slips.

“Hehehe!How much is this?”

“Elder, the money earned from all this is no joke!”

“Baek Sang! Go and get another sack!Hahahah!Storing money is a problem for us now! Storing!”

“That is my sack! Don’t touch it! I will cut your fingers!”

“Look at you being strict!”

Hyun Jong, who saw this, covered his face with a hand.

‘Aren’t they like bandits who looted merchants or gambling houses?’

Watching the three people counting money with sly smiles on their faces, he couldn’t tell if they were part of the Mount Hua Sect or the Chung Myung Sect.

‘Why is that guy there?’

Watching Baek Sang work hard next to Hyun Young, it seemed like he would be spitting fire out along with them.

“Huh.On this fine day…”

Mount Hua performed well today.

It was unfortunate that a few of them were defeated, but the spirit of the ten disciples going ahead was nice.

It was remarkable that ten of Mount Hua were in the final sixty-four who survived today’s spar.

Moreover, if it is the plum blossom Sword technique presented by the disciples at the spar, it left a clear and pure impression on everyone who saw it.

It is as if the level was doubled….

“… right, that is a hill…”

Making money is a breeze for them.

They have been making a lot of money, but it is a skill to make the ones watching them get angry! These damned beings!

Hyun Jong took a deep breath and said,

“Well, all of you, get a good rest and do your best tomorrow.”

Hyun Jong turned around, not wanting to see them.

And he heard a soft voice behind him.

“Tch tch.You don’t understand the deep intentions of the sect leader?”

Hyun Jong smiled at Hyun Young, scolding Chung Myung lightly.

Still, he was an elder.

“We made a lot of money, he should be upset that he didn’t even get any pocket money! You need to guess all of this before they say it!”

“Ah, right! I didn’t think of that.”

“Come on now, give that to me.”

‘That… that elder piece of… I!’

At that moment, Chung Myung rushed over and shoved golden coins into Hyun Jong’s hands.

“You can use this without telling the kids, Sect Leader.”

“Hehe.Let us know if that isn’t enough.”

“Hehehe.You don’t have to say it.”

Hyun Jong couldn’t even say his anger at what he had witnessed.

‘No, well, I could take this much.’

Return of the Mount Hua Sect