Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Inside an emptied room.

Sweat dripped down like rain, but the sweat wasn’t the problem here.

Compared to the swollen face, which resembled a steamed bun, and the body wide aching, would one care about the sweat?

Most of all, nothing could be done about the head. His head.

That crazy one had some kind of obsession with the head, and he kept aiming for the middle of his head.

‘Insane bastard… why the hell did he do this to me?’

Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon had a grudge against him, why?

“Are you lowering your back?”

Jong Pal straightened his knees and lifted his hips. Actually, putting one’s head on the floor and lifting one’s back was nothing for warriors.

However, the story was different when the body was beaten in every corner.

“Pretending like this is tough? Feeling like you are going crazy?”

On top of Jong Pal, who was supporting both of them with only his head and toes, was Chung Myung, who was slapping the guy on the back.

“Won’t do it right?”

“Tch, my temper has gone down a lot.”

“If I was like before, you wouldn’t even be able to open your eyes now. People would have just been searching for your bones.”

“It would have been better to have not touched me too, but the head… ah, thinking about that time makes me angry,”

Chung Myung jumped off his back and kicked him in the side.

Jong Pal let out a scream and fell down.

“The more I think about it, the angrier I get! How dare you, bastard!”

Chung Myung began to step on him without mercy.

“Ack! You evil bastard! No! Not there….Ah!”

“That young beggar was bitten like he was caught in the cage of a wild animal. Yah, you beggar! I was never beaten like that by anyone in my life.”

Ah, to be expected of a heavenly demon.

That bastard wasn’t human, either.

“Don’t! Tie his limbs and throw him off the cliff!”

Jong Pal’s legs were trembling.

And watching this pleasant sight was Gu Chil, who looked wide-eyed at this reality.

‘Wang Cho is being beaten?’

Who is (was) Jong Pal?

Among the young beggars, he was one of the strongest out there. Hadn’t his talent even been recognized by the higher-ups?

Excluding the rotten personality he had, he was someone who was considered talented in the Beggars Union.

But now Jong Pal couldn’t even fight back and was being beaten like a dog.

If Cho Sam was Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, then it wasn’t wrong for this result to come out.

‘Is he really Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon?’

A young beggar who constantly got beaten and made crazy noises left in a panic and appeared as Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon in just three years?

Does that even make sense?

Gu Chil rubbed his eyes, but the scene in front of him didn’t change even for a second

“Ack! Ack!Hyung! Hyun! Spare me!”

“Hyun? Hyung? I am a fucking Taoist, you idiot! Die! I won’t spare you!”

“Taoist! Please spare me!”

“I said I won’t you bastard!”

“This crazy bastard! How dare you not refer to me correctly!”

Jong Pal got up but then was laid back down.

And his eyes rolled back.

“Ah. Is this bastard acting again? You… right now..“

Someone put his hand on Chung Myung.

When Chung Myung turned, Baek Cheon shook his head,

“I don’t know what happened, but we don’t hit people like that. If that person were a disciple of Mount Hua, I would understand, but that person is from the Beggars Union.”

“If you hit him more, it will cause friction between our sects. No, we might already have a problem on our hands. So leave it be.”

At those words, Chung Myung looked at Jong Pal and stepped back. The guy’s face was swollen.

Thinking that there was no more beating, Jong Pal spoke with tears in his eyes and bowed to Baek Cheon.

Seeing that Baek Cheon frowned, the guy’s puffed-up face was so funny.

“What the hell happened for you to beat people like this? You are a bit thoughtless, impulsive, and have the most filthy personality, but you aren’t some scumbag who hits people like…”

“How dare you, you want to push your luck?”

“Even so, you don’t beat someone without reason. Tell me. What is happening?”

Chung Myung answered,

“It isn’t something important.”

“When I was a young beggar before coming to Mount Hua.”

“I was beaten by this bastard once.”

As soon as you were born, you were the kind of person to whip people down,

“…anyway, that was when this bastard hit my head with a club.”

“It was such an intense experience that I can never forget. Maybe that is why I am obsessed with heads.”

Baek Cheon looked at Chung Myung and smiled,

“Uh. Ha. I was really beaten back then. I couldn’t get rid of my sudden exploding feelings…”

But Chung Myung didn’t continue because Baek Cheon didn’t listen and looked at Jong Pal.

Seeing the eyes of Baek Cheon Jong Pal twitched,

Baek Cheon’s foot hit the head of Jong Pal.

With a loud sound, Jong Pal collapsed, and Baek Cheon began to swing his fists regardless of it.

“You dog! Because of you! Huh! All because of you, Mount Hua turned into a victim! You bastard!”

Yoon Jong, Jo Gul, and Baek Cheon all ran to Jong Pal.

“All because of him!”

“Ughh! The enemy! Our enemy!”

The disciples of Mount Hua began to stomp on the guy. Even Yu Yiseol, who was next to Jong Pal, was hitting him on the head with her sheath.

“Head. Head. Head. Head.”

Jong Pal screamed in pain, but no one stopped beating him.

“This is the share of all Baek disciples! This is for Chung disciples, and this for Namgun Dowi!”

Baek Cheon’s fists kept falling.

While the stars were flashing in front of his eyes, Jong Pal thought,

‘Why are Baek Cheon and Mount Hua talking about Namgung!’

But now he didn’t have time to ask them that.

At that moment, Chung Myung, who was watching, said,

Everyone lashed out at him.

“I almost had my head broken because of you!”

“Sasuk! Let’s take him to Mount Hua!”

Reasoning vanished from their eyes. Had they been hit on the head for the last three years?

Yes, when they didn’t practice properly, when they didn’t learn a technique right, when the devil got too bored or when their progress was called slow.

But realizing all those difficult times were all because of this one beggar, they felt like they could spit fire from their mouths!

“Why are you covering your head?! You bastard!”

“If you didn’t hit him! He wouldn’t have come to Mount Hua!”

Chung Myung looked at the scene with a scared face,

“No, I was the one…”

Why did they look angrier than him?

The door opened violently as if it would break, and beggars in rags came flying in.

“What are you doing!”

“How dare you touch a disciple from the Beggars Union! You crazy bastards!”

The disciples of Mount Hua turned their heads in surprise. Dozens of beggars with batting sticks in one hand were filing in.

And seeing their aged faces, they knew they were the higher-ups.

“To beat people like that!”

The beggar in front frowned, looking at Jong Pal stretched out in front of him.

Baek Cheon moved aside. Perhaps the other disciples also noticed the atmosphere as they shut their mouths and stepped to the back.

“You look like disciples from Mount Hua?”

Baek Cheon sighed and said,

“Baek Cheon from Mount Hua.”

He bowed, but his opponents didn’t accept it. It meant that they weren’t going to listen to their excuses.

“Explain! What the hell happened for the disciples of Mount Hua to beat a disciple of the Beggars Union? If there is no convincing reason, Mount Hua will bear our wrath.”

Baek Cheon’s face went stiff,

And he was about to speak,

“Ah! Move it! Why are you blocking my path!”

A loud noise was heard from behind. And the beggars blocking his path moved at once.

‘Is a giant coming?’

Baek Cheon looked at the door with a tense expression. In front of him were six-knotted beggar leaders, and their status was definitely not low.

But if a more knotted one came, maybe even a seven…

The disciples of Mount Hua tilted their heads at the sight of the person coming in. Why did he look familiar?

“Where did the people who dared touch our beggar go? Do you know how frightening beggars…Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon?”

A newly appeared Seven Knotted Head.

Hong Dae-Kwang of Hua-Um tilted his head and looked at Chung Myung,

Hong Dae-Kwang looked at Jong Pal on the ground and Chung Myung, and then asked as if wondering,

“What is this? That guy is Jong Pal.”

“You asked me to bring him, and I did, so… what is this?”

Baek Cheon and Gu Chil roughly explained, and with that, Hong Dae-Kwang looked at Chung Myung,

“You got hit by that beggar before?”

“And you got traumatized by it?”

Hong Dae-Kwang’s eyes trembled,

Tremendous anger could be seen,

“No, did that beggar plan to ruin the Beggars Union!”

Hong Dae-Kwang ran as he slammed his foot to the ground, and kicked Jong Pal, who was barely getting back up.

Being hit, the guy was back on the floor again.

Hong Dae-Kwang began to scream,

“Yah, you bastard! I’d rather have you put in a coffin! What? What was that? You bastard! Be honest! You are a spy from the Demonic Sect trying to ruin the Beggars Union, right!”

“Ack! Branch Leader! No…no!”

“What, no! That is what you are, you bastard!”

Hong Dae-Kwang was wide-eyed as he stepped all over Jong Pal.

The disciples of Mount Hua, who saw it, slowly joined him, and the collaborative effort of stepping on this guy began1.

The other beggars there only looked at this with bizarre eyes.

‘What the hell is this?’

‘S-something seems to have happened.’

To surround and beat someone while others were watching.

In this strange existence, Chung Myung said,

He might die for real.

A gentleman’s revenge was never too late, even if it meant waiting for ten2years to pass.

PR/N: Available in 720p - 4k at 30 - 120 fps. ASMR versions, cam-recorded versions, vertical phone recorded, VR, and the like are all available on the Taoist's Hub.↩️

ED/N: Kdrama reference I'm pretty sure↩️

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.