Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

It was so vivid, like the image he still held was being displayed in front of him.

His hair was like the pitch darkness of night, and his beard might be considered longer than needed.

His shining eyes filled with focus and concentration as he looked down.

And the Purple Cloud Divine Sword that was always at his waist.

Chung Myung never thought that his eyes would see it again…

He chuckled. He was expecting something, but now this…

Chung Myung smiled bitterly, but Hyun Jong couldn’t control his passion as he looked at the sword.

“Great Sage Sword, Sect Leader…”

How could one not know that name?

The person who led Mount Hua in its time of glory. A name that would never disappear from the history of Mount Hua…

“H-How! How does Shaolin have this thing!”

Hyun Jong, who rarely got angry, didn’t even hide his anger this time, and the Abbot couldn’t even say anything to him. If their positions had changed, even he might act this way.

That was how important this sword was to Mount Hua.

A sacred item that symbolized a sect.

Divine items are what represent the authority of a sect. Just like the Green Jade Buddha Staff of Shaolin, every sect had such things.

Naturally, Mount Hua had one too.

That was this sword.

From the point of view of the sect, it was an item that no sect leader should lose.

“This sword was lost in the Hundred Thousand Mountains, was Shaolin keeping it here all the while?”

The Abbot shook his head.

“This object was discovered just recently, and Shaolin had to pay a great price to obtain this.”

Hyun Jong’s beard trembled.

This sword which was the history of Mount Hua, the thing which symbolized their authority. It was an item that Mount Hua had tried to search for, for numerous years.

“I will return this sword to Mount Hua in return for your help.”

Hyun Jong bit his lip.

It wasn’t easy to go to the North Sea and check the situation. But leaving this sword and backing away wasn’t going to sit right with them.

The Abbot smiled brightly, like he guessed the mind of Hyun Jong,

“If the price is the sword, it wouldn’t be a bad deal for Mount Hua.”

There was confidence in his voice now.

And the basis for it was clear.

For a sect, their divine item could never be lost. A sect that loses its divine weapon suffers a fatal blow. In other words, it meant that the authority of the sect could also be recovered if the item was brought back.

Right now, Mount Hua was going through a fast growth period, and getting this back wouldn’t just be a small achievement.

So, Hyun Jong wouldn’t be able to reject this.

The Abbot put the sword into its sheath and placed it on the table as he pushed the wooden box to the side. And only then did he push the sword toward Hyun Jong.

“You may take this sword now if you want.”

“Honestly, Mount Hua and Shaolin don’t exactly have a good relationship now. But I trust the Mount Hua Sect. How can it be difficult to reward someone we trust?”

He knew the Abbot wasn’t giving up the sword with good intentions. He was conspiring and asking his disciples to be sent into the North Sea.

Yet Hyun Jong couldn’t easily make this decision.

That sword symbolized the glory of their sect.

At the same time, it symbolized the golden age Mount Hua could be remembered for. So how could he give it up?

As Hyun Jong bit his lips and was about to answer…

Chung Myung reached out for the sword.

He calmly picked up the sword and unsheathed it.

The fully exposed sword shone in the sunlight entering the room.

Chung Myung, who was looking at it, slowly reached out and placed his finger on the sword.

Hyun Jong and the Abbot held their breath.

The reason wasn’t known, but it felt like they shouldn’t disturb him.

His expression which couldn’t be described made them go silent.

Hyun Jong looked at him without saying a word.

Once in a while, this child would show such a sight. Hyun Jong had to remain silent in front of this unknown heaviness.

Chung Myung closed his eyes.

He clenched the sword and then opened his eyes as he raised his head slowly.

Hyun Jong finally stiffened his heart at this sight.

‘The Purple Cloud Divine Sword of Mount Hua.’

Seeing Chung Myung holding it, he was convinced this should return to Mount Hua. This sword had to be in the hands of Chung Myung, who will sweep the world up.

“The request Abbot has for Mount Hua…”

Chung Myung put the sword into the sheath and placed it on the table. And he looked at the sword with a worried face,

The Abbot smiled. Till now, Shaolin only saw Chung Myung being angry, kicking things, and showing hostile reactions, did this mean he won?

“Young Disciple. If you wish, I can give the sword to you right now. The price for the well-being of Kangho, Shaolin isn’t ordering Mount Hua to do anything.”

Chung Myung nodded his head and looked at the Abbot,

“Do you not know the meaning of ‘and’?”

At his question, the Abbot looked shocked.

“What more are you giving?”

This time it was the Abbot who tilted his head,

“Do you mean I need to give something more than the divine weapon of Mount Hua? Young disciple the meaning of…”

The Abbot couldn’t speak as the face of Chung Myung was contorting,

Chung Myung shook his head and leaned to one side as he said,

“It seems like the Abbot has no sense of reality since he lives so deep in the mountains.”

Deep in the mountains?

Chung Myung tapped the sword and said,

“This worn-out piece of iron is our reward? If you sit still, it seems like all the things in the world will be brought home to you and you simply give money without even knowing about it. Even the beggars of the Beggars Union don’t get so ripped off. Uh?”

The Abbot was shocked.

Didn’t he say that this was the divine item of Mount Hua? Now, this was a worn-out piece of iron?

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon. You don’t seem to understand completely, this is the…”

“… do you not know? It is your divine weapon!”

“Ah. I do know. But what?”

Chung Myung’s words were clear,

“Do you not know what meaning these weapons have to a sect?”

“You are one strange person.”

The Abbot looked shocked,

“No. I am a person of Mount Hua, so why is the Abbot deciding what that sword means to Mount Hua? It isn’t right for you to decide how much rice one should eat in another’s house.”

The Abbot was dumbstruck. He saw Hyun Jong, who didn’t look much different.

Hyun Jong was also staring at Chung Myung,

“C-Chung Myung. No, it is still the ancestor’s…”

“What if it is a divine item? It had to be people who made the item look experienced and others decided to say ‘Yes! From now on, this is our symbol!’ and this got called a divine weapon. It isn’t like some god came down from the sky and declared it.”

Chung Myung spoke sternly,

“A thing is just a thing. Why give it some meaning it doesn’t need? It isn’t like Mount Hua will change just because it isn’t in Mount Hua, and Mount Hua doesn’t turn great just because it gets it back. Mount Hua is Mount Hua because of the people? And go to the North Sea after taking this? North Sea?”

The gleam in the eyes of Hyun Jong frowned.

‘Ah no. Still the ancestor…’

‘What did this guy learn when growing up?’

Both old people were shocked. And Chung Myung continued,

“Well, of course, if we get it, we will not simply sell it, but it wouldn’t make sense for the disciples to take a risk on their lives just because of a weapon. Which ancestor values any item more than a disciple?”

At this, Abbot had nothing to say.

Chung Myung gently touched his fingers together, imitating something round.

“Is there anything else? Money or… cash? If not, even bills will do…”

“Chung Myung. Aren’t they all the same?”

Chung Myung smiled as he pushed the sword back to the Abbot,

“Come to think of it, I don’t think it is worth the money either. This looks like a good sword, you should keep it and use it well.”

As if there was nothing to say, Chung Myung got up and left, and Hyun Jong followed him.

One last time Chung Myung bowed, and the Abbot reached out and shouted,

“Young disciple! This isn’t the end.”

He looked shocked as he said,

“If you do not like the reward we can change it, for the sake of the world.”

“Ah. Right, for the sake of the world.”

Chung Myung turned around and stood straight and spoke with a serious face,

“What Mount Hua has done for the world in the past remains as infinite pride in the hearts of the disciples, Abbot.”

The Abbot was quieted as his sore spot was hit.

“I am not talking about the past. Mount Hua has lost a lot, but it has gained a lot too.”

“I hope that Shaolin can feel the same pride we felt too.”

The smile on his face was too bright.

“If it is Shaolin I am sure they can get it done without much trouble! I will do my best to support you from Shaanxi, so make sure to get the traces of the evil Demonic Sect and save Kangho!”

“If it isn’t something Shaolin tries then which sect would try? Right? Sect leader?”

Hyun Jong stared blankly.

“Kuak.Amazing. This is something that only Shaolin can handle. Cheer up, Abbot! If you ever need to use the sword to fight the Demonic Sect, use that one. The blade is still looking good.”

Chung Myung waved his hand and opened the door as he walked out.

Seeing Hyun Jong following him, the Abbot shouted,

“Are you really giving up on your ancestor’s weapon? Is this the choice of Mount Hua?”

Chung Myung didn’t even care and turned back, making the Abbot flinch.

“Divine item my ass.”

Even if it was placed in the most amazing sheath, it was still a sword, and a sword of Mount Hua can be anything, even the sword the sect leader now holds was a sword, and nothing more.

Mount Hua doesn’t get its meaning from a sword.

Mount Hua was the disciples, and the meaning of Mount Hua was what it put into making its sword techniques. How can a piece of iron be more important than the heart and will of the people?

‘I am the ancestor!’

How dare he speak about ancestors in front of Chung Myung.

The meaning of ancestor is right here, those iron swords don’t mean shit when the real deal is down here.

“The Shaolin did well using that.”

Chung Myung walked away without regret and looked at the blue sky as he smiled.

If his sahyungs heard this, even he wouldn’t have chosen to do anything different. Who made these pieces of iron turn so valuable?

-No, idiot! You have to go and get it back!

Oh my, I don’t think I can as my body hurts.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.