Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Chung Myung smashed into the main door and screamed,

The most energetic voice they received.

“I will bring it right now!”

The eyes of the server flashed as he looked at the entrance.

There was a reason why the people were being welcomed so warmly. The inside of this large guest house was always filled with flies.

‘How long had it been since we had customers?’

After the end of the competition in Shaolin, those who flocked to Mount Song had quickly abandoned it, and fewer people had visited this inn. Of course, it was only people who were returning home or traveling that came to guest houses, but now it felt like not many were coming.

“Yes! You are talking about a room? Do you want to stay alone?”

Chung Myung glanced back and said,

The server let out a scream of happiness as he looked at around 50 people rushing to the guest house.

The server greeted him at the top of his voice,

“Yes! I will prepare the rooms right away.”

Chung Myung pointed to the carts following the group.

Carts were no problem.

The server brightly smiled and said,

“Yes! The stable will be prepared….”

“Don’t say stuff like your stables are the best. I want the carts moved into rooms.”

“A room for the carts. A room!”

The server tilted his head, thinking he heard something wrong, and asked,

“Uh, so… you want a room for your carts?”

Then, Chung Myung laughed,

“Of course. That cart is more important than people.”

The server then realized he should just say yes to strange people.

“Are those people really from Mount Hua?”

Not only the worker but even the few guests there glanced at the disciples of Mount Hua.

In the past, their black robes with a striking plum blossom pattern had gone unrecognized, but now many people would look at them with awe in their eyes.

“Look at that dignified physique!”

“Ohh! Those eyes are full of passion.”

“Really, only Mount Hua achieved the best results in the competition, they beat the shit out of the other sects!”

“Is their physiques the secret to all those excellent sword techniques?”

When they had first arrived they had been treated like bandits. But now they were leaving Shaolin, and being treated like good, honorable swordsmen.

This was why so many people wanted to gain fame. Even if their behavior and appearance were the same, their evaluation would change depending on the position of the person.

A plain beggar on the street was ordinary, and people would frown at the sight of him. But if he was of the Beggars Union, then he would be admired.

‘Why do they keep looking at me?’

Unfortunately, the disciples of Mount Hua didn’t enjoy this attention.

Chung Myung, who came down after bringing down his cart, wrinkled his face as he looked at the other disciples who were in the corner.

“What are you doing?”

“I need to say, I am not used to this… I have never received so many gazes.”

“That is the number of people who came to Shaolin.”

“That was just a fight.”

Baek Cheon scratched his head,

“I am too used to living in the mountains, so it might be awkward just looking at other people, but staring at them, I feel like I cannot do anything.”

Chung Myung clicked his tongue.

But he could understand how they felt.

It was only now that they were starting to gain fame and this could be overbearing. Not long ago, Mount Hua wasn’t even considered a proper sect in Shaanxi.

So it could be understood if they were feeling burdened by the gazes. And these weren’t simple glances but dazzling stares.

Chung Myung smiled and turned his head to look at everyone.

There was a mixture of awkwardness and subtle happiness too,

‘They have to get used to this.’

When they gained fame, attention would normally follow.

No one paid attention to Mount Hua up till now, but the entire world would now keep their eyes on Mount Hua. To the extent that this would feel like nothing.

‘If I think about it, the days of the past were great.’

In the past, when Chung Myung left Shaanxi with his sahyungs and went to other places, everywhere they went, everyone in kangho would come for them.

At that time, Chung Myung was famous as one of the three great swordsmen. How many times in a lifetime would someone get a chance to meet someone as good as him?

“Tch tch. This amount of attention should be taken for granted. People shouldn’t be this shy!”

Chung Myung shouted and patted his stomach.

But it didn’t last long.

“Is that person Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon?”

“It is said that he was the runner-up in the competition but it was really no different from winning, right?”

“I heard it too. There was even someone saying that he is the closest to being the best in the future. Is that why his movements looked so special?”

Chung Myung’s shoulders began to rise,

Chung Myung coughed and put on a serious expression,

“Isn’t it said that Shaolin’s Hae Yeon had talent that even Shaolin only got once in a hundred years? It is said that he learned a few of the Seventy-Two Techniques already.”

“Right, right. Considering the difference between Mount Hua and Shaolin, wouldn’t it be Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon who is said to have the title of ‘first’?”

In the end, Chung Myung couldn’t hold back and smiled.

Seeing that, the faces of Baek Cheon and his party began to rot.

“That one. If someone praises him, he will probably follow them without asking any questions.”

“… people are so weak to compliments.”

Chung Myung coughed at the heavy criticism.

No, what was wrong with liking this?

“Now now! Here is the food you ordered.”

Chung Myung shook his head, and the food came up right then, the server with loads of plates in their hands.

“We came to Luoyang pretty quickly.”

“… calm down, Sect Leader.”

Hyun Jong clasped his head with his hands and wore an anguished look on his face.

“What the hell are you doing this for?”

“No… it is nothing.”

Hyun Jong shook his head with tears in his eyes. It was too late to return to Shaolin now.

‘Will these people take my side?’

Hyun Jong looked at the elders in front of him with curious eyes. If he revealed all that had happened, perhaps Hyun Sang might take his side, but Hyun Young, he would run rampant on the road chasing after him or probably block his path and make him return to Shaolin.

Hyun Jong shook his head.

Actually, the regret he was feeling inside was terrible. But it was as if he had already decided what to do, and as a sect leader he was going to see it through to the end.

As Chung Myung said, no divine weapons or anything was more important than the disciples of Mount Hua. He cannot send the disciples to the dangerous North Sea just for one weapon.

It was impossible for him. Even if he died later and met with his ancestors, they would not like it if he had done so.

“Still, it feels regrettable…”

Hyun Jong shook his head violently as if trying to shake off his thoughts and said,

“They seem a bit tired but they are holding up well. But we don’t know what will happen on the way back to Mount Hua, so I think hurrying along is better.”

Hyun Jong nodded his head at the words of Hyun Sang.

Most accidents always happen at such times. Since they achieved good results they would be taking it easy, and in that case, there was always a risk of someone moving…

“You worry about everything.”

At that time, Hyun Young said,

“Do not keep treating our kids as children! How can you even see them as kids?”

At Hyun Young’s words, Hyun Jong smiled.

Hyun Young and his firm belief in his disciples. Doesn’t it seem like he believed more in the disciples than in his own sect leader?

“Above all else, why would you act like Chung Myung is not here? As long as Chung Myung is with them, the person who causes incidents with us will end up being chained and dragged to Mount Hua.”

You don’t trust the kids.

What was a little sad was the fact that Hyun Jong could sympathize with what Hyun Young said.

“If we go back to Mount Hua, there will be a lot of work to do. So do not worry about all this, and worry about things farther into the future. Isn’t that the job of the sect leader?”

Hyun Jong smiled at those words,

“Right. And it is your job to help me.”

“Of course, Sect Leader.”

The Hyun disciples looked at each other and smiled.

Now wasn’t the time to celebrate. And even if the time to celebrate came, the ones who would be doing so would be the Un disciples.

Still, they couldn’t hide their joy,

“Let’s head to bed early today. I will have to diligently work again.”

“Yes, Sect Leader. Then.”

Hyun Sang and Hyun Young bowed and left the room of the sect leader.

Hyun Jong, who was alone, smiled. Seeing those two smile that brightly made him feel that Mount Hua had changed from the past.

‘I do not feel it yet.’

At times like this, Hyun Jong felt like his soul was flying.

Everything that was happening now felt like a dream to him.

‘I am glad that child came to us.’

But it wasn’t too good to get used to this thought, and Hyun Jong got ready to sleep.

Hyun Jong looked at the door and frowned.

At his words, the door opened and someone came in,

An unexpected guest and she looked at Hyun Jong with the same expressionless face.

And Hyun Jong thought something,

Yu Yiseol nodded her head,

“… yes. That is right. Looking back, it must have been a while since I stopped by. I am sorry for not caring about it. I bothered Sect Leader.”

Hyun Jong nodded his head and spoke slowly,

“Go, but don’t be too late. We will be leaving early tomorrow, so join us before we reach Mount Hua…”

Yu Yiseol bowed her head and walked out as Hyun Jong’s heavy gaze fell.

After wandering around the room, he eventually left.

It was still early morning…

Her preparations were complete, and Yu Yiseol had left the guest house. She came to breathe in the cold air.

And just as Yu Yiseol finished glancing back and attempted to walk away quickly…

“Are your preparations complete?”

At the sudden voice, Yu Yiseol went stiff.

Yoon Jong, Jo Gul, and Tang Soso were there waiting for her and when she looked at them suspiciously, Yoon Jong smiled,

“Sect leader told us to escort sago. Well, actually escort is half an excuse, we just want to be with our friend.”

“You don’t like it? If sago doesn’t want it, we will move away.”

Yu Yiseol looked at them for a moment and then up at the dark sky,

“Because it isn’t somebody else.”

Her gaze turned to Yoon Jong.

And Yoon Jong smiled with Jo Gul.

“… she never said anything about taking you.”

Tang Soso smiled as she moved.

Seeing this, Yu Yiseol asked,

“Then we can move now?”

At that moment, the guest house door swung open, and Baek Cheon came out while dragging someone else along.

“I always tell you to listen to me! Stop drinking and listen! Why bother drinking so much!”

In the end, Baek Cheon, unable to handle it, threw him to Yu Yiseol. She reflexively caught Chung Myung, and set him down.

“You sure you want him along? I don’t know what sect leader is thinking?”

Yu Yiseol looked at the people who gathered and said,

“… I’d rather carry a cow than him.”

Jo Gul picked up Chung Myung and put him on his back and sighed,

“So, where do we go?”

No one answered. Hyun Jong didn’t say it either, as if they would come to know.

“Then we go! Let’s see where we land.”

With Yu Yiseol in the lead, the disciples of Mount Hua ran through the darkness.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.