Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

What they had accomplished in Shaolin had left a great deal of experience and confidence in the disciples of Mount Hua. Their greatest gain was the irrevocable inscription left on the world by all of the Mount Hua disciples who had journeyed to the competition.

“Anyway, what matters is the results,” grinned Chung Myung, lying on a tree. The screams from the disciples were like music to his ears.

“Ahhhhh!Sasukkkkkkk!”

“Die! Die, you idiots!”

“No! How can your character be worse than Chung Myung!”

Chung Myung looked at Baek Cheon, who was steamrolling the disciples with delighted eyes.

‘Good. Good job. Dong-Ryong.’

There was a limit to how far Chung Myung alone could drag them. The Mount Hua he had hoped for from the beginning was almost here.

Now even if he didn’t take the lead and push them, others would continue to develop Mount Hua in a similar manner.

Of course, some suffered for it.

‘But it was a hundred times better than suffering due to being weak.’

If the world was a paradise for the weak, there would have been no need for this. Unfortunately, however, the world that Chung Myung knew was one where only the strong lived…

If Mount Hua didn’t have this kind of power, would it have been possible to eat those attacks and return fine from Shaolin?

Definitely impossible.

The greatest value that power created was freedom. Only those with power can choose their own lives.

“It took a long time.”

The scent of the old Mount Hua had started to come out little by little after their return. In the past, the disciples of Mount Hua tried, competed, and struggled to become stronger with each other.

Everyone did their best…

-Ah, sahyung not that!

-Do not bother me! I will reach out to Sect Leader sahyung!

-No! I said do not! Why are you hitting me so suddenly?!Ack!

-You idiotttttt! Didn’t I tell you not to harass the sajaes?! Listen to my words! Idiot!

Maybe it wasn’t as great as I thought it was…?

He quickly erased the memories which had entered his mind. The past was beautiful in its own manner.

Chung Myung smiled, seeing the disciples of Mount Hua who were slowly dying below.

‘Right, everyone is working hard now…’

This was the time to think about their next step.

Mount Hua currently faced two challenges.

‘Not enough influence.’

The reason why those damned nine sects were able to carry such strength solely on their shoulders was because of the influence they held, and the disciples of theirs who were spread all over the world.

In other words, even if Mount Hua became the best sect in the world, if they were stuck on their mountain like now, nothing would change.

‘Being stuck on this mountain and continuing to train will bring no change.’

Every time they went down the mountain, it was to buy necessities and bring them back. That was all. In order to improve their skills, they need to increase their external activities and increase their influence in the world.

“Ha. This really needs to change.”

Chung Myung scratched his head. His hair was fizzy and messed up.

Actually, it was a problem that had been forgotten until this time, as everyone’s skills had to be raised somehow. It reminded him that he was missing something, thanks to the Heavenly Violet Divine Sword.

“How do I do the Heavenly Violet Divine Arts?”

Heavenly Violet Divine Art.

The most difficult and powerful cultivation method of Mount Hua.

If Shaolin and Wudang had their iconic cultivation techniques, then the Heavenly Violet Divine Arts were Mount Hua’s.

If only that were taught, then Mount Hua would become even stronger.

The problem was just…

“How do I tell them what I don’t know?”

Chung Myung was annoyed and looked up at the sky.

“No, damn it! Shaolin teaches their novice monks and Wudang their disciples, who are known to be the best of the sect!”

Unfortunately, this particular cultivation technique was a martial art designed to only be passed down to the next sect leader of Mount Hua. And because of that, even Chung Myung hadn’t learned it.

Instead, he had only learned about The Heavenly Violet Enhanced Qi, which was a stripped-down version of the art that was created based on the version the sect leaders learned.

‘There is no meaning in teaching them what I know.’

What I know is only an imitation. The most important part was missing from this imitation, and the only way the best technique of Mount Hua could be put into practice was by finding the original.

Heavenly Violet Divine Arts were the best cultivation technique in Mount Hua, and the Plum Blossom Sword was the best sword technique in Mount Hua.

If those two things could be aquired, Mount Hua would be second to none.

The current Mount Hua was a bird with one wing broken.

“Ugh. I can probably teach the Plum Blossom Sword Bond, but…”

Chung Myung scratched his head,

“This is why I said to teach me!”

-Didn’t I tell you, become the sect leader first?

The sect leader of the past wasn’t someone bound by tradition, but he wasn’t someone who would change the rules handed down from generation to generation.

‘At that time, there was no need for it.’

Even without this cultivation technique, there was no reason to break tradition and pass it down to Chung Myung.

Things would have changed if he had asked for it during the war with the Demonic Sect, but that wasn’t a time to learn new martial arts.

In any case, for that reason, there were only two people in Mount Hua who knew about the technique.

One was my sahyung, Chung Mun.

The other was Chung Jin.

‘He was the person on Mount Hua who managed the martial arts.’

At that time, he was a person who would do anything to not lose a martial art, and did his best to preserve them.

Chung Myung took a deep breath.

How do I solve this issue…

At the sudden sound, Chung Myung looked down.

Baek Cheon was screaming at him from down below.

“What are you doing that you couldn’t hear me no matter how many times I called for you?”

“Ah. I was thinking about something.”

“Come down. Sect Leader is looking for you.”

Without another thought, Chung Myung jumped off.

“Where are you going?”

When Chung Myung asked, Hyun Jong smiled and said,

“Eunha, go and visit it.”

Chung Myung groaned and nodded his head.

It was annoying, but it was fine. Eunha was an ally to Mount Hua, which helped them. Therefore, it was necessary to convey what happened in Shaolin to them personally.

However, it wouldn’t be good for their image if an elder or an Un disciple was sent, so it would be best if either Baek Cheon or Chung Myung were sent.

Baek Cheon was teaching the disciples now, so Chung Myung was the next best.

‘I can get some alcohol down there too.’

Chung Myung nodded his head with a smile,

“Yes. And while you are gone, check out the things with the Yunnan trade too.”

“Yes. You realize that this is something that needs to be reverified, and we didn’t have time to process it before rushing to Shaolin. I am busy now that I am back, and it would be helpful since you went to Yunnan and understand the situation.”

Hyun Jong nodded at the answer,

“Ah, and on the way back, stop by the Beggars Union branch and find out what is happening.”

This time Chung Myung nodded.

“That is something we need to pay attention to.”

The reason Chung Myung invited the beggars to Hua-Um village was for this reason.

Mount Hua was gaining fame. The name of Mount Hua would be engraved in the minds of others. So now, Mount Hua would have to keep an eye on what was happening on the outside too.

“If we can manage it right with the Beggars Union branch, then Mount Hua will have wings. And your role is the most important.”

“Yes. Do not worry. I will hold onto those beggars.”

Not just Hong Dae-Kwang, but now all the members of the Hua-Um Village’s Beggars Union branch were in the palm of Chung Myung.

“Right. I have a lot to talk about the future with you, but first, the urgent stuff needs to be dealt with.”

“Good thought. Can I leave now?”

“Yes, and my young master friend.”

“There is no need to rush back. Talk comfortably and come back slowly.”

Hyun Jong smiled brightly as Chung Myung stepped out.

‘That child should also rest a little.’

After returning to Mount Hua, everyone would be able to relax, but it wasn’t something Chung Myung could do.

That child must be keeping an eye on the other disciple’s training.

Of course, everything he asked Chung Myung to do had to be done right away, but it wasn’t urgent for him to come back up. Nevertheless, the reason why Chung Myung was sent out was that he wanted the child to forget the concerns or worries which were probably residing within his head for a few days.

“I am feeling a bit sorry for the Eunha merchants and the Beggars Union branch, but…”

It couldn’t be helped.

Chung Myung, who went out, headed down right away.

“Where are you going?”

Baek Cheon, who was practicing nearby, turned his head and asked Chung Myung.

“I was asked to go to the Eunha merchants down there.”

“Then it will take you a day or two.”

Chung Myung shrugged his shoulders.

“Don’t come back in a hurry and have something when you are down there.”

“Now, don’t bother me and go down.”

“I am not some child.”

“… it is a problem because you aren’t one.”

It is natural for children to cause trouble, but you cause trouble despite not being a child, you moron!

‘… this makes me a bit uneasy for some reason.’

“Should I follow you?”

“Probably it will be better than you alone…”

“Enough. If you want to mess around, do it somewhere else. Make sure to grind those kids to the ground.”

Chung Myung pointed to the other disciples.

“Those who stayed back and played around are a priority, but those who came to Shaolin are more important. If what they saw and felt isn’t embodied, then it will eventually disappear from their mind.”

“I know. Don’t worry.”

When Baek Cheon nodded his head, Chung Myung smiled and turned around.

“Anyway, I will be back soon, so don’t make trouble when I am gone.”

“… who is saying that to whom!”

As soon as Chung Myung walked out the gate, Baek Cheon shook his head.

‘Walk the right way.’

And open doors with your hands!

At that time, Yoon Jong and some other disciples sneaked up to him and asked,

“Where is he going?”

“Sect Leader has given him an errand, he wants him to run to the Eunha merchant.”

“… will it be fine?”

“Doesn’t it do this often?”

“Yes, but it changed a little more from back then.”

Hearing that, Baek Cheon became anxious,

“… could something be up?”

At this time, the disciples of Mount Hua didn’t know.

The real problem wasn’t with Chung Myung but with them.

The beginning of the mountain road up to Mount Hua.

A group of white-haired elderly people gathered and looked up at the mountain peak with strange eyes.

“… how many years had it been?”

“A little over thirty years?”

“Right. Thirty years… is indeed a long time.”

At first glance, the eyes of the old men looked young, and they had neatly combed hair with silk robes draped over their bodies, which said their status was unusual.

“I never thought I would be climbing Mount Hua again in my life.”

“The same with us. If Sahyung hadn’t called us back, we wouldn’t have dared to either.”

The old man nodded as if he had made a decision.

“Let’s go and meet Hyun Jong. We need to meet and talk.”

“It has been so long since I climbed Mount Hua, I am excited and scared simultaneously.”

“What reason do we have to be afraid?”

A faint smile formed on the old man’s lip,

“Even after decades, home is home. There might be fights, but there is nothing to be afraid of.”

The old man glanced back slowly and then made eye contact with each one of them and nodded.

So a group of people began to climb Mount Hua.

Thick clouds over the top of the mountain began to flow in an unexpected direction. Like the situation of Mount Hua

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.