Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Tea water from a steaming teapot filled the cup halfway.

Hyun Jong gently held out the teacup to the old Hyun Tang.

Hyun Tang brought the teacup to his lips. The scent of the tea pierced his nose. And he nodded his head as he took a sip,

“You have improved your tea-making skills.”

“Do you remember the tea I used to make?”

“I do, I remember it. The taste of the tea you gave me was one thing I have never forgotten in my life.”

“You seem to have a lot of regrets.”

A soft conversation. But the expressions of those who watched this conversation weren’t smooth.

The residence of the sect leader.

Hyun Jong sat at the top with Hyun Sang and Hyun Young to his left and right. And in front of the two elders were the Un disciples, with Un Am and Un Geom all seated.

On the other side was Hyun Tang with his legs crossed and the people he brought.

A quiet confrontation, silence, and the subtle scent of tea flowing between them.

Hyun Tang opened his mouth first, not liking the situation,

“You haven’t even grown old.”

“When good things happen people can become young after being old.”

“Right, sure, a good thing,” said Hyun Tang looking at Hyun Jong.

“It puts my mind to ease to see this place suit you so well. Actually, I was quite worried.”

As soon as he said it, Hyun Young snorted. Hyun Jong gave him a look to hold back, so he went silent, but what was said couldn’t be erased.

“Thank you for being concerned.”

“No. I should be thanking you for leading Mount Hua so well.”

Hyun Young looked at Hyun Tang with a dissatisfied face. Even Hyun Sang coughed, unable to handle his discomfort.

Hyun Jong opened his mouth as if to change this atmosphere,

“What did you come here for?”

Hyun Tang looked at Hyun Jong without saying anything more.

“You have changed a lot too.”

“You used to be a person who avoided speaking directly. You were too suggestive.”

“After decades, even rivers and mountains change. Is there a reason why people cannot change?”

“Yes, yes, but I wanted you to remain the way you were.”

Hyun Jong didn’t respond.

There was no need to respond. It was Hyun Tang, not him, who had something to answer.

“I think you should answer my question.”

Hyun Tang sighed a little and looked back at the people of Mount Hua,

“Thirty years ago, I walked out of Mount Hua on my own feet.”

“Because I thought there was no future for Mount Hua. No, more precisely, because I thought that I couldn’t revive Mount Hua with my own strength.”

“But my mind changed as I got older.”

“I couldn’t help it as Mount Hua was in the middle of my heart, and as time went on, I thought I would forget it, but the place for Mount Hua in my heart continues to grow larger.”

“Looking at how well you have endured for thirty years, it couldn’t have been that huge at all.”

“Yes. I know. I know.”

When Hyun Jong called to him, Hyun Young closed his mouth. However, his lips were stuck out like he was pouting.

Hyun Tang said calmly,

“Right. What can I say? In any case, we are the ones who left Mount Hua on our own feet, so we cannot help but endure any criticism.”

“You haven’t answered my question yet.”

“… I tried to forget about Mount Hua while living in the world. I established a foundation, and life had become less difficult… But the emptiness in my heart would never be filled. Meanwhile, I had heard the name of Mount Hua, where I lived.”

Hyun Sang bit his lip.

‘The more I listen, he had…’

While they established a foundation and lived happily, Hyun Jong gave up everything to save Mount Hua.

If they thought even a little, they were sure no man with a conscience would speak anything to Hyun Jong.

“The moment I heard that Mount Hua was making its name in the world, I couldn’t control the regrets I had buried in my heart. So, I came to Mount Hua with like-minded people and their descendants.”

“I understand what you mean, but I still don’t find an answer there.”

“… what kind of answer did you mean?”

“What is Sahyung trying to do on Mount Hua?”

Hyun Tang looked at Hyun Jong and said,

“Can I not do anything?”

“I am a sinner. I am in a position where I cannot step on Mount Hua. What would I want? It is enough if I can just breathe in the air of Mount Hua and turn to manure right here.”

“Everyone who has come here with their own abilities in the world has made a life of their own. They will surely help Mount Hua. So give us a chance to become the spirits of Mount Hua. May my old body crumble here. I want to live for Mount Hua.”

At that moment, Hyun Young jumped up from the place and pointed at them.

“When Mount Hua was devastated, and it was on the verge of collapse, you didn’t even come around, but now, what? The spirit of Mount Hua? Do you even have a conscience?”

“Hyun Young, calm down.”

“Sahyung, do you think I can do that right now? Aren’t their words too blunt? They pretended not to know for the last thirty years, and they thought we would fall at any moment, and now that they see that Mount Hua is doing well, they want to come to have nice meals before their death! Isn’t that what they are saying!”

Hyun Young snorted and shouted,

“I cannot hear more of this! Get those bastards out right now!”

“I am sorry, but Sect Leader. This time, I have the same thoughts as Sajae.”

Hyun Sang had a stiff face,

“There is no reason to think. These are the people who left Mount Hua on their own feet. How can we let them step back onto this soil? Spirits? Mount Hua doesn’t need such spirits.”

“You must return right now.”

Hyun Jong gently frowned and closed his eyes.

Hyun Tang slowly said,

“I fully understand your feelings. Being a sahyung…”

“How can you even call yourself Sahyung!”

“No! Sect Leader! Isn’t that the same as anything else? How can this man even come and act like a sahyung to us!”

Hyun Jong shook his hand.

Hyun Young, who knew that movement was how Hyun Jong expressed how upset he was feeling, went silent.

Hyun Jong spoke in a heavy voice,

“… I understand what you are talking about, but it is embarrassing for me to make a decision right now.”

“I will give you a place to rest, so do that. You must have been tired from climbing the mountain.”

Hyun Tang smiled brightly, and Hyun Jong turned to Un Am.

“Give them the Blue Plum residence and prepare a meal too.”

As Hyun Tang and others got up and Un Am left the room.

Un Am and the others left, and Hyun Tang, who remained in the end, gently turned his head to look at Hyun Jong.

“I am sorry for appearing before you again without a word.”

“But. I want you to know my sincerity about Mount Hua.”

Hyun Jong nodded without answering, and Hyun Tang left with a smile.

As soon as he left, Hyun Young raised his voice.

“Didn’t I tell you to wait?”

Hyun Jong sighed and said,

“I am sorry, but would you mind leaving? I have something to speak with the elders.”

The Un disciples that were filling the room got up and went out. Only the Un disciples had left, and Hyun Jong, while caressing his teacup, said,

“What do you think?”

“What is there to think?! This is too much!”

Hyun Young screamed,

“Now that the reputation of Mount Hua is increasing, there is a plan to try to get something and eat us!”

“I am of the same opinion, Sect Leader.”

Hyun Sang, who would never outright say such things, was siding with Hyun Young,

“It cannot be said that they came here with good intentions. They were not as poor as us in the past. Isn’t it obvious why such people who turned away from Mount Hua are now coming and looking at our faces?”

Hyun Young sharpened his teeth,

“Even if they came here with good intentions, it is the same. They are the ones who turned away from Mount Hua and abandoned it. Reflect on their actions? Seriously? I am not someone who doesn’t know that a reflection of character isn’t like this!”

“I do not think you are wrong.”

“Then kick them out right now, Sect Leader!”

“Let us wait a little bit.”

Hyun Jong’s hand shook,

“Have you forgotten? Now, Mount Hua cannot help but care about other people’s gaze like it did in the past.”

“If they leave Mount Hua like this, there will surely be speaking about how the former disciples of Mount Hua were mistreated here.”

“Does that make sense?”

“It doesn’t. But where in the world is the luxury of truth so easy to obtain?”

“We cannot throw prey to those who are obsessed with eroding our Mount Hua. We will feed them and treat them well for a few days.”

Hyun Young took a deep breath,

“I understand what Sect Leader wants to say, but I don’t think it will be that simple. Will those who came in determination leave that easily?”

“We can use that child.”

Hyun Jong said in a calm voice and sighed.

‘Is this bad after good?’

It was always known that bad news was right behind good news. But he didn’t expect it to be like this.

“Isn’t Hyun Jong a lot tougher than I thought?”

Hyun Tang smiled at the words of Hyun Beop.

“I thought he would lie flat when Sahyung came, but seeing that weak man sit at the top and smile makes my stomach twist. Wasn’t that place supposed to belong to sahyung in the first place?”

Hyun Tang glanced at him.

“This is Mount Hua.”

“Isn’t this a place with just children?”

Hyun Tang looked at Mount Hua with a twisted smile. All of this was going to fall into his hands.

“He is pretending to be strong, but his true nature cannot be hidden. Hyun Jong will have to eventually accept us. Soon, more people will reach Mount Hua and pressure him, so there is no way.”

“Even though Mount Hua was fortunate to receive good disciples and escape their downfall, a weak person like Hyung Jong cannot recover the past glory it held. So he will need our help.”

“Until the right time comes, it would be good to bow your head a little. The first thing to do is restore our identity, so I do not want anyone to act recklessly.”

Hyun Tang smiled as he looked back at Un Am, walking far ahead.

It was, of course, expected that they wouldn’t react favorably to him. But it wouldn’t last too long, for sure.

‘I will get back my rightful position.’

And for the sake of Mount Hua.

A grin escaped the mouth of the old man.

Everything would be back to normal.

Right, in the right way.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.