Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Late at night in the Blue Plum Hall.

A loud laughter rose from the hall. Those who were in it were pouring alcohol into their glasses and laughing loudly.

“Hahaha. How easy is this!”

“I thought it would not be this easy since they had recently gained fame, but I was surprised at how easy this is.”

Hyun Beop, who was listening, tilted his drink and smiled.

“From the beginning, Hyun Jong has always been a weak person. And the disciples who are famous now… are still just children.”

“They are lucky enough to get some fame, but it wasn’t before long that their limitations were revealed.”

“So this didn’t happen because of us?”

Hyun Beop nodded his head.

“Do not forget that the reason we came to Mount Hua is for Mount Hua.”

“I will keep that in mind.”

“Right, one more drink.”

“Those who want to become elders are casually drinking alcohol! Won’t your ancestors be ashamed!”

The door swung open, and a man walked in. Everyone bowed their heads and got up.

Hyun Tang frowned. He saw the bottles lying around.

“You haven’t already forgotten where we are, have you?”

“We apologize. Everyone seemed overly nervous.”

Hyun Beop spoke with a humble face.

“After living like this for several years, it isn’t easy to give up meat and alcohol.”

Hyun Tang came in and sat at the top of the table as he firmly said,

“Be patient. Soon Mount Hua will work according to our laws. Until then, we need to be careful with our actions as there are eyes and ears everywhere.”

“We will keep that in mind, Sahyung.”

Saying that Hyun Tang looked around.

‘The word robbery can be used in our case.’

They couldn’t stand it, and all had run to Mount Hua, but living a new life wasn’t easy.

It was by no means an easy task for a former Taoist who had been on a mountain devoted to training to reenter the world and adapt to its workings. But thanks to being able to adapt to it, they had families and children who were all fully grown.

‘This number will be our strength.’

If they can seep into Mount Hua like this, it would be his strength. If that were the case, wouldn’t he be able to usurp the position of sect leader before long?

‘If I can make the next sect leader from now on, then everything will be mine.’

“It is Hyun Beop here.”

“Right. Hyun Beop. What happened to what I asked you to find out?”

“Yes. I did some research in the meantime, and Mount Hua is indeed overflowing with money. It seems to be enough to fill the warehouses of Mount Hua in just two days.”

“Besides, Mount Hua holds exclusive trade rights with Yunnan. This is a business that must generate astronomical sums of money. These bastards from Mount Hua do not even know how much value this trade is.”

“When we get their full power, I can make a cushion of Sahyung to sit on.”

“It has to be those from Mount Hua, not me.”

“Of course, Sahyung.”

Although he said it sternly, Hyun Tang was already smiling. No matter how much he tried to calm himself, this news was tough for him to keep calm.

Hyun Beop looked at him and smiled,

“If they are not resisting too much, doesn’t it mean that they are already at their limits?”

Hyun Tang frowned slightly,

“Do not take it this easy.”

“Hyun Jong in your memory is clumsy and indecisive, but the current Hyun Jong has supported the collapsing Mount Hua for decades and brought it back into the foremind of the world, which everyone thought was destroyed.”

Hyun Beop’s face crumbled. This was something he didn’t want to admit.

“Where is the skill of Hyun Jong in this?”

“As Hyun Jong said, with time, even rivers and mountains change. In thirty years, it wouldn’t be surprising for people to change.”

“You mean Hyun Jong?”

This was ridiculous to him.

“Sahyung. Maybe mountains and rivers will change in ten years, but not humans. You know, Sahyung, how tough it is for one to change?”

“… that isn’t so wrong.”

“If Hyun Jong was different, then why would he leave us alone? If Sahyung were in his position, would you have endured till now?”

When Hyun Tang didn’t answer, Hyun Beop chuckled,

“Cautiousness is good, but being too careful can ruin things. Sometimes you get more from a bold move.”

“Right. That is right.”

Hyun Tang nodded with a complicated expression.

He also knew that those words weren’t wrong. But the reaction of Mount Hua made something feel ominous.

‘They cannot be this green.’

It cannot be easy to create such a strong revival in a sect. If it were that easy, Hyun Tang would have never left Mount Hua.

If they have made such an achievement, there must be a reason.

But in the eyes of Hyun Tang, a viable reason could not be found. The skills of the disciples were too high, and the Un disciples didn’t have the skills to teach them and nor did their skills develop much from what he had remembered from the past…

‘I must have missed something.’

Hyun Tang shook his head.

He didn’t know what he missed, but now was the time to push forward and fight, as Hyun Beop said. And if he gave Mount Hua time to think, they might gain strength.

“Anyway, if Hyun Jong isn’t like the past, he will come up with his own countermeasures by tomorrow.”

“Yes, and if we can avoid them, Mount Hua will fall into our hands.”

“Yes, that is right.”

“Sahyung. After a long time, you can get your proper position back.”

“Huh. You are talking nonsense, I only trouble myself for the future of Mount Hua.”

“Of course, Sahyung.”

The two looked at each other and smiled.

“How about the disciples?”

“They didn’t say anything, but…”

Hyun Jong sighed with a sad face.

He’d rather them come to him with sadness and complain about what was happening, but the disciples didn’t complain a single word to him.

“Are they trying to intervene with the disciples?”

Hyun Jong frowned at Hyun Sang’s answer.

“Sect Leader. I know why you are being so cautious. Besides, we know that you cannot act emotionally as you are the sect leader. However, I am afraid that this will adversely affect the disciples.”

“He didn’t want to look at this situation, so he locked himself in his room.”

“…tch tch. He isn’t a child or something.”

Hyun Jong shook his head.

Hyun Sang took the side of Hyun Young as he understood him.

“But you need to understand his heart, Sect Leader.”

“… why would I not understand?”

Hyun Jong looked down at his teacup.

“Do I not want to drive them out? No, I am the one who wishes that to happen the most.”

“Because I know I cannot do what I want.”

Hyun Jong looked at Hyun Sang.

“If I throw them out, there will most likely be more people who want to take advantage of them. And if something happens, then not us, but the disciples will have to pay the price for it.”

“So I had to think about it. What was the best thing? What path should I take to keep those kids from getting caught in the shadows of the past?”

Hyun Jong let out a low sigh and said,

“I do not want my kids to be harmed due to my personal emotions.”

Hyun Sang sighed. Hearing the intentions of Hyun Jong made him more upset.

It wasn’t that he wasn’t expecting this, but after hearing it in person, he felt more lost.

When did Hyun Jong ever think for himself? His actions were always geared toward the safety of the disciples and Mount Hua.

Hyun Sang often felt frustrated with this side of his sect leader, but in the end, he believed and followed Hyun Jong, knowing his Sect Leader was usually right.

And this time, too, would be…

“Sect Leader. I understand the meaning, but this is having a negative effect on the children.”

Hyun Jong quietly nodded his head,

“Now, some action has to be taken. Still, we aren’t even close to the conclusion.”

His gaze turned to the distant sky.

“Sahyung… no, bring him here.”

Hyun Sang nodded and stood up from his seat.

The two groups once again sat opposite each other.

On one side were Hyun Jong and the elders, while on the other were Hyun Tang and the others.

They had met face to face a few days back, but today felt even heavier than before.

Hyun Tang was the first to speak.

Hyun Young, who was on the right side of Hyun Jong, coldly looked at him.

“You are now in front of the great Mount Hua’s Sect Leader, and if you commit the same disrespect one more time, then you will realize how strict the laws of Mount Hua are.”

Hyun Tang glanced at Hyun Young disapprovingly. But knowing there was nothing good to come from standing up to him, he nodded his head.

“My words were wrong. So, what was I called for, Sect Leader?”

Not completely respectful, but it was still better than before.

Hyun Young still didn’t like it, but he decided not to intervene constantly.

Hyun Jong smiled and said,

“How was Mount Hua in the few days you visited?”

Hyun Tang looked at Hyun Jong, trying to figure out his intentions.

However, it wasn’t easy to understand the hidden meaning. If it were Hyun Jong of the past, the expression and voice would have given it away, but now he felt more reserved.

“It is wonderful, Sect Leader.”

Hyun Tang nodded his head as he said,

“More than anything, life within Mount Hua is terrifying. The Mount Hua of our time wasn’t like this, and I could guess how hard Sect Leader has had it without seeing it in person.”

At the unexpected good words, Hyun Sang frowned.

However, whether he liked it or not, Hyun Tang continued, but then,

Hyun Tang brought out the main topic with a slight tone of anger.

“As much life that is on Mount Hua, there are things that are too excessive here. In particular, it was disappointing to see that the laws of Mount Hua weren’t properly upheld and the ancestors’ intentions weren’t conveyed.”

Hyun Jong smiled brightly, with no sign of displeasure.

Hyun Tang’s eyebrows twitched at this reaction.

“It seems like Sect Leader didn’t fully understand what I was saying.”

“No. I fully understand it.”

“And still, you react in this way?”

His gaze on Hyun Tang was strangely stern.

“A sect leader shouldn’t simply ignore the opinions of others, but also not be swayed too easily by them either. So it isn’t fully necessary for me to accept the criticism of Sahyung either.”

He said it with a smile.

But there were knives in those words which couldn’t be hidden.

Now, no matter what anyone said, Hyun Jong was the sect leader, and Hyun Tang was the one who had abandoned Mount Hua and was a simple outsider now, which meant his opinion had no meaning.

Hyun Tang realizing the meaning, felt his expression distort.

But even after seeing that expression, Hyun Jong continued to speak calmly,

“… please, Sect Leader.”

“The reason why Sahyung was able to stay on Mount Hua for the past few days is because I understand the heart of Sahyung, who abandoned the spirit of the sect and Mount Hua. Because, at that time, Mount Hua was a different and difficult place to be in.”

The moment Hyun Tang was trying to take the lead, Hyun Jong cut him off.

“I understand Sahyung. I fully understand you. However, some devoted their youth and the end of their lives even in those difficult situations. If they had walked out, they would have lived a happy life, but they chose to live as disciples of Mount Hua. The people who made this happen.”

Hyun Jong’s eyes turned cold,

“As Sahyung said. If Sahyung helps now, maybe Mount Hua will become a little better. But the moment you do so, Mount Hua will no longer be Mount Hua.”

Hyun Tang’s face trembled.

Hyun Jong, who was speaking with a resolute tone, was exuding strong pressure.

‘W-when did this guy turn like this…?’

Hyun Jong stared at Hyun Tang and finally said,

“Sahyung. No, profit sucker.”

“That is enough. Get out of Mount Hua now. and….”

A cold gaze filled the entire hall.

“Never again try to set foot into the land of Mount Hua. And you will now realize how strict the laws of Mount Hua are.”

Hyun Tang was overwhelmed by this force and couldn’t find the right words to say, so he stayed silent.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.