Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Of course, it is me.”

Hyun Tang’s face was subtly contorted,

“Did you say you are the sect leader of Mount Hua?”

Hyun Tang snorted sarcastically,

“Such a strange thing. A sect leader who no one chose. The Mount Hua ordinances, which have been passed down for hundreds of years, have been pushed to the ground like this?”

“Are you really qualified to call yourself the sect leader of Mount Hua? You were not recognized by our teachers, nor expected to do anything by the elders, and even the sahyungs never recognized you. Are you saying that you still deserve this?”

Hyun Jong, who heard it all, smiled.

“A little while ago, you called me by name, and now you call me Sahyung. You must have come to your senses now?”

“You still haven’t come to your senses, have you?”

Hyun Jong shook his head as if this was funny,

“It seems that the sect which had worked so hard couldn’t lead Sahyung to a higher place. The Sahyung, who once seemed like the best to me, now only looks like a child.”

“You asked who the sect leader of Mount Hua is?”

Hyun Jong spoke in a calm voice.

“It is Hyun Jong who is the sect leader of Mount Hua, and no one can deny this fact.”

“Ancestors ordained me as the sect leader.”

“That was the will of the ancestors.”

“Are you saying you will reject the will of your ancestors?”

Hyun Jong smiled as he watched Hyun Tang growl.

“If Sahyung had come back to Mount Hua three years earlier, I might have followed you. Even if the disciples and the sajaes coughed up blood, I would have taken the side of Sahyung and returned to being an ordinary person from Mount Hua.”

Hyun Jong’s shoulders were straight and wide,

“I know now. No one in this world is more qualified than me to be the sect leader of Mount Hua. And no one can develop Mount Hua better than I have. So….”

He spoke proudly; no, this was a declaration.

“Even if it goes against the will of the ancestors, even if it goes against the laws of the ancestors, I will not give up the position of sect leader. Because that is the way for Mount Hua.”

Hyun Beop, who was still there, laughed,

“Look at you speaking all flashy when you mean to go against the will of the ancestors and Mount Hua?”

The words were like stabs to his lungs, but Hyun Jong didn’t get angry even after hearing that.

“It seems like you misunderstood what I meant.”

“It wasn’t for my sake that I told you two to lead your families and others down and never step foot onto Mount Hua again. It was for your sake.”

Hyun Tang and Hyun Beop looked at each other with confused expressions.

Hyun Jong smiled lightly at the two, who were speechless.

“But apparently, you two don’t seem to mind it. Then go on and do whatever you want. Be it as a master in the kitchen ranting about food or training the children, do whatever you want.”

Hyun Beop’s eyes widened,

“Before that, the position of the sect leader….”

Hyun Tang stopped Hyun Beop and smiled at Hyun Jong.

“Sect Leader. Although the words came out wrong I still came here to devote myself to Mount Hua.”

“Today, we talked, and we might have to talk more as this wouldn’t look good for either of us, but I will stop for now. Please take care.”

Hyun Tang got up and turned around.

The moment the door opened, the Baek and Chung disciples tumbled into the front of the sect leader’s residence.

“The disciples of a sect eavesdropping on the conversations of grown-ups! How far have the laws of Mount Hua fallen? This is why I cannot leave this to Hyun Jong!”

The disciples stood up and glared at Hyun Tang.

At that glance, Hyun Tang clicked his tongue,

“There is no such thing as discipline in this sect! After that, what can the world say about Mount Hua?”

“You said some good things.”

Hyun Tang turned his gaze, and it was Baek Cheon.

He looked at Hyun Tang and said,

“But it would be more sensible if those words came from the mouth of a man who hadn’t left Mount Hua and returned after thirty years.”

“You ungrateful jerk!”

Before Hyun Tang could even speak, Hyun Beop shouted,

“Where do young people get the right to blatantly speak to elders!”

A rebuke at the highest position gave them too many rights.

However, the disciples of Mount Hua had no fear on their faces. Rather they were showing hostility which was never shown before.

“Even though we turned our backs on Mount Hua for a while, we are still the elders of it. And how dare you speak ill of us?”

“That is why we have been holding on till now.”

“But remember. Anyone…”

Baek Cheon spoke in a tone that warned them,

“Who dares to challenge the authority of the sect leader will not be tolerated by us. The disciples of Mount Hua and I will never let the matter go!”

Hearing his voice, which sounded so cold, Hyun Beop took a step back without realizing it.

Hyun Beop, who noticed his actions, grunted,

“Enough. This is our fault.”

Hyun Tang, who waved his hand, looked at Baek Cheon and softly said,

“But you will soon find out. Who is the legitimate sect leader of Mount Hua.”

“Hehe.Your thoughts are bound to change. Let’s go!”

Hyun Tang, with Hyun Beop and the others, walked away.

Baek Cheon’s body trembled in anger as he looked at them, walking away.

“Those senile old foxes!”

“Sasuk! Aren’t we supposed to hold back!”

“They just insulted Sect Leader!”

“I cannot stand it anymore! For real, do not stop me!”

Baek Cheon nodded his head.

“I do not want to hold on any longer. I tried to keep in line as much as possible, but it was them who crossed the line first. Then we should treat them back rightly.”

“But there is no way to do it. The sect leader has allowed them to stay on Mount Hua for…”

“If they won’t go out on their own, we can force them out!”

It was the moment when the eyes of Baek Cheon began to change.

From a distance, Baek Sang ran with a pale face.

Did something happen?

He ran up as if the soles of his feet were on fire, and he panted, unable to hold his breath.

“T-trouble! B-back!”

No one could understand him, so Baek Sang banged his chest to calm his breathing and shouted,

“Chung Myung is climbing up the mountain!”

Baek Cheon’s eyes now trembled in shock.

Wasn’t he mentally ready?

Wasn’t it too obvious what would happen if Chung Myung climbed up and saw this?

This was why he tried to get this done before Chung Myung arrived!

“This is bad! This is so bad!”

All the other disciples lost their souls at the news and weren’t sure what to do.

Baek Sang asked Baek Cheon,

No, even if you ask me…

It was the moment when Baek Cheon couldn’t find a way out.

From inside the residence, someone stuck their head out.

Baek Sang exclaimed,

“E-Elder! Chung Myung is coming up the mountain! I saw it!”

Hyun Young tilted his head with a strange little expression.

“Right. So you mean Chung Myung is coming? Chung Myung?”

At that time, as if he heard the mumbled words of Hyun Young, Hyun Jong left the residence with a stiff face.

“Huh, Chung Myung is already back. Then, for now…”

But unfortunately, he couldn’t speak further.

Hyun Sang and Hyun Young grabbed the arms of Hyun Jong, who was about to go receive Chung Myung.

Hyun Jong looked at the two with a puzzled face.

But instead of answering, Hyun Young smiled and nodded,

“Come inside for a moment.”

Hyun Sang, who understood the call, began to drag Hyun Jong inside.

Hyun Jong, shocked, yelled,

“N-No! What is this, you bastards! Let go of me! What the hell are you up to now?! Yah!”

Hyun Young glanced around to check to make sure no one else, save the disciples, saw this. Closing the door, Hyun Jong’s voice slowly faded away.

All the disciples looked at Hyun Young with blank eyes.

“Ahem, right. So Chung Myung is coming?”

“For now, I have a meeting with the sect leader, so do not let anyone approach the residence.”

“Nobody! Nobody is allowed to approach us! Do you understand?”

Baek Cheon, who understood the intentions behind his words, nodded. On his face was a perplexed expression.

“Make sure that Chung Myung is told what happened on Mount Hua when he was gone. He must be curious about it, right?”

“Tch.The situation isn’t good with ‘outsiders’ entering our Mount Hua. Ugh.”

With that, Hyun Young went inside.

There was strange silence between the disciples.

Baek Cheon nodded at the decision which he knew was made,

“We cannot help it anymore!”

Killing intent rose in the eyes of Baek Cheon,

“Move for Chung Myung!”

Chung Myung, who was climbing Mount Hua, took a sip of alcohol and sighed. The place he visited had the best alcohol, and he brought the best of those.

“This is why people need to get fame.”

When he thought about the time when he climbed up to Mount Hua as a beggar, he had no such things in his hand.

Obviously, from the point of view of Chung Myung, this was just a little of the fame he had in the past. For this reason, those who have long been called gentlemen risk their lives to get fame equal to gods.

“Tch.I have been away for too long. Without me, those guys must be lazing around, doing stupid stuff.”

Something felt strange.

Since he hadn’t been out for long he thought he would enjoy it, but his mind kept pushing himself back to Mount Hua.

Even when climbing up, it felt like he had to climb faster and reach Mount Hua.

At that time, Chung Myung noticed something strange as he lifted his head.

Around the gate, he saw a strange cloud of dust rose, and the disciples rushed out. As if they were ordered, they ran towards him.

Before he could even grasp what was happening, they rushed to him and began to speak,

“Chung Myung! Something went wrong!”

Chung Myung tilted his head.

Did something go wrong?

What could go wrong in such a short period of time…

Baek Cheon, who ran the fastest, grabbed Chung Myung.

“Chung Myung! Be prepared and listen. Things happened, things happened.”

“… what now? Did someone from Shaolin come?”

“We would be lucky if Shaolin came!”

“Then what? Don’t pant and speak properly.”

The disciples surrounded Chung Myung and began to explain what had happened.

“Those people to our sect leader!”

“They interfered with our training!”

“They are the enemies!”

“They don’t deserve it!”

As their anger wasn’t going down, they reached out and grabbed the alcohol bottle, and began to drink it.

Hearing the entire situation, Chung Myung tilted his head crookedly.

And he finally said,

“A human who ran away throwing away his position of sect leader thirty years ago is now coming back and begging to have his sect leader position given back to him?”

“… and how many days has it even been?”

Chung Myung tilted his head to the side,

Chung Myung drank what alcohol was left, emptying the bottle.

And he grabbed the bottleneck tightly.

“Have you all gone crazy?”

The gloomy voice said he had lost his reasoning.

“Where are those bastards!”

“Blue Plum Hall! They are in there!”

As soon as he heard where they were, Chung Myung broke through the disciples covering him and ran forward.

“Let’s go together!”

“Catch up! Hurry up!”

At least they knew this would happen, so they quickly caught up to Chung Myung, who was rushing to the Blue Plum Hall.

As soon as he reached the door, he kicked it open, blowing it away. All the while, he seemed to be billowing white smoke.

As Chung Myung entered the building, one of the men on guard, blocked his path.

“Who are you? Where did you come from?! And how dare you be so rude in the presence of the elders!”

At that moment, the alcohol bottle in Chung Myung’s hand moved and struck the man in the head.

A clear and sweet sound. The bottle hit his head and shattered all around.

Being hit, the guy fell down.

Everyone stood up in shock and looked alert. Chung Myung threw the bottleneck left in his hand aside and, with gleaming eyes–

“Where are you from?”

Huhuhuhu.You bastards?

“From hell, you bastards!”

It really looked like he came from hell.

And Chung Myung swooped forwards…

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.