Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Someone do something!”

A hungry wolf was running wild among this flock of sheep.

“These bastards! Jump off the cliff if you want to! You might want to die in my hands, right? Come here! Let’s see how hard those heads are! Die! Die! Die!”

Baek Cheon and the other disciples, who stood near the entrance of the hall watching this chaos, trembled.

Yoon Jong gently turned to Baek Cheon, who was next to him.

“… don’t we have to stop him?”

Baek Cheon glanced toward the interior and then averted his gaze.

“You want to stop that?”

Yoon Jong couldn’t find anything to say and went silent. Sure enough, Chung Myung was running around wildly and watching him, Yoon Jong wasn’t sure what he could do to stop him.

He was a kind of natural disaster.

Typhoons were meant to be avoided, not confronted. In this case, it was right for them to just hold their breath and wait for the typhoon to pass.

“And we knew it would be like this.”

Of course. Of course.

Sending him here in the first place was nothing more than an expression of their will not to settle things amicably.

To be honest, had there been anything that ended nicely and cleanly after pushing Chung Myung in? Wasn’t even the great Shaolin in the depths of disgrace right now because they crossed paths with Chung Myung?

Yoon Jong mumbled in a lost voice,

“But I didn’t think they would lose their grace this quickly…”

Jo Gul nodded his head,

“As expected of Chung Myung. He always shows us more than what we imagine.”

Yu Yiseol nodded her head, and Baek Cheon was confused.

‘Does that guy have no hesitation?’

This ‘elder’ was someone who was a sahyung to their sect leader. Of course, Baek Cheon didn’t give that much meaning either, but it wasn’t easy to treat them like just another random bunch of people.

That was why he had been hesitating all this while.

But Chung Myung was Chung Myung.

‘He is respectable in some ways.’

It was so bizarre how he could run ahead without looking back.

“But it is so cool how he is like this…”

“… I cannot deny that.”

It was refreshing, like he was constantly buzzed, but…

He knew that Chung Myung was confident and not surprised by anything because he was as horrible as he could be, but that wasn’t all. His fingers tingled as he watched Chung Myung run wild.

And no matter how much he thought Chung Myung could be stopped,

“How dare you bone-eating dogs climb up Mount Hua!”

Chung Myung clicked his tongue and looked to the front.

“What? Give you the position of sect leader?”

And he grabbed a man who was about to run and pulled him back.

The face of the one who was begging with his eyes went blank as the sheathed sword was slammed into his head.

The groan didn’t come from the man who was beaten but from Baek Cheon, who was watching this.

Baek Cheon turned his head as if he couldn’t watch this. He could turn his eyes, but his ears didn’t work like that.

Was it possible that the situation could be portrayed this perfectly with just sound?

When Baek Cheon heard the sound of someone falling, he shuddered, shaking his head.

“Let’s let this happen.”

Was it because they had to endure until this man came?

Chung Myung was now climbing onto everything and slamming his fists into everyone.

“Sect leader? Sect leader? These bastards must have gone crazy! Do you think that the position of sect leader is won through gambling? Sect leader?”

It was impressive to see his opponent’s waist bend back that extremely from just a punch.

If the Shaolin Sect Leader saw this…

‘That is the true essence of close combat.’

Is what he would shout, and then he would applaud Chung Myung.

‘Ah, no. He wouldn’t applaud the man who was hitting someone old enough to be a teacher.’

Baek Cheon shook his head. Now, Chung Myung couldn’t be moved, so he was having all sorts of blasphemous thoughts.

“Oh? You are fainting? Will you faint? You cheeky bastard!”

He gets angry even when someone faints…

“… his personality is really something.”

“The devil would also run back scared to hell if he saw this.”

“Heavenly lord. This bastard is seriously something.”

Even those who had known Chung Myung for a long time were surprised by this. Now, these two ‘elders’ were so startled that their hearts were making their way into their throats.

‘J-Just, who in the world is he?’

‘How is such a guy here?’

Hyun Tang, in particular, was shocked and confused by this.

‘Are they the ones who could be beaten this easily?’

Even though they had turned their backs on Mount Hua, they still were the ones who had properly learned the martial arts of Mount Hua. Even if they lived in the outside world, there was no way what was learned could be given up so easily, especially since it was a form of power.

No, they needed more strength to live in the outside world.

Therefore, even though they had abandoned Mount Hua, they invited famous people from around the world to teach martial arts to their kids.

Even their grandson, who was now being beaten by Chung Myung, was a warrior whom Hyun Tang couldn’t touch.

But now, such a person is being beaten to a pulp by a third-class disciple.

“This bastard? He won’t wake up!”

Chung Myung, who finally managed to wake up the person who fainted, threw him into the air.

The flying body was stuck into the wall once again. The body was stuck far enough into the wall that only the waist and lower body were still hanging inside. No one could look at this without being shocked.

Hyun Tang, who watched the scene with blank eyes, trembled,

“What- what are you doing!”

Unless one were an idiot they would know what this was.

Among his kids, no one could deal with Chung Myung.

No, it was as it was meant to be. How can his descendants deal with Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, who was already being told to hold the highest position of a warrior and being called the best in the world?

Hyun Beop shouted, feeling the danger that everyone would surely suffer,

But when Chung Myung asked calmly, he had nothing else to say,

“Old Man. You seem like the lucky one.”

Chung Myung smiled and raised his sword,

“I don’t know if you were lucky enough to get away with your mouth each time things went wrong, but this is Kangho. And Kangho is a place where your mouth only works when there is nothing else to do.”

“Right. You missed Mount Hua?”

“If you missed Mount Hua, you should have missed the plum blossoms too. Don’t worry, I will show you the plum blossoms that Mount Hua has.”

Chung Myung stretched out his sword,

“But I don’t know if you people know.”

His eyes shone each time he waved his sword,

“If you get hit with the plum blossoms, it hurts three times as badly as being hit with the sheath!”

Baek Cheon and the disciples who watched it were nodding their heads.

No… well, of course. Of course, it hurt more to be hit with the metal of the blade as opposed to the fabric of the sheath.

However, the problem was that those obvious-sounding words never left the mouth of Chung Myung.

“Welcome to Mount Hua, you bastards!”

The tip of Chung Myung’s sword began to produce red plum blossoms in an instant.

Hyun Tang and Hyun Beop were shocked.

They, too, belonged to the sect once.

How could they not know how the plum blossoms were being drawn out from the tip of the sword?

“Twenty-Four Movement Plum Blossom Sword technique?”

But their surprise didn’t last long.

Today, plum blossoms, the most ferocious ones, began to slap those who hadn’t come to their senses.

As one goes through life, one must experience different things.

However, it would be difficult for most people to experience being hit by plum blossom petals so hard that their backs gave out. And luckily for those who were here, they were experiencing something they had never experienced before.

Ah. But one had to consider whether they were really lucky or not.

A storm of plum blossoms swept through the Blue Plum Hall instantly. It was hitting people, pushing them around, and smashing everything in sight.

It was the Twenty-Four Movement Plum Blossom Sword that had already proven its power to the world through the tournament.

Even the best in the world could not stand in front of this technique and had to step down from the titles, so how could mere descendants of Hyun Tang face this?

Helpless, those who were beaten laid down on the floor like rags.

Just because they got hit with a sheathed sword, there was no guarantee that they would be safe. All those who were beaten groaned in pain.

Only three people were standing after this tragedy.

Hyun Tang, Hyun Beop and Chung Myung.

Chung Myung pulled back his sword and put it around his waist as he looked at them with dissatisfaction.

“How dare you climb up Mount Hua and have no skills other than an uncanny ability to be beaten by the youngest of the Chung disciples?”

Of course, the youngest of the Chung disciples was the strongest one too, but… in any case, the words Chung Myung said weren’t wrong.

Chung Myung focused on the two who were still standing.

The reason why they were the only ones standing wasn’t that they had managed to dodge Chung Myung’s wrath; rather, it was because Chung Myung hadn’t attacked them.

Chung Myung bent his neck and approached them.

“So I will be checking it once again.”

“What about you and my sect leader?”

Both their faces turned blue.

The situation was something they couldn’t change.

It was clear that this madman had no common sense or manners toward others. If they decided to act almighty, then they would be thrown around like the others.

Hyun Beop spoke first,

“I-I am leaving Mount Hua!”

“I will leave Mount Hua with my kids, and I will never return to Mount Hua again! I will never tell anyone that we ever had any ties with Mount Hua.”

Chung Myung opened his mouth and nodded his head,

As the positive words came from Chung Myung, Hyun Beop’s face turned a bit normal and spoke in a soft tone.

“-Still, we are all elders here, so let us stop at this point.”

And he smiled, looking at the two men.

“It isn’t because you had any other notices, so it is fine. I am not that bad.”

Hyun Beop’s face brightened.

However, the disciples of Mount Hua who were listening to the conversation looked like they had gone pale.

‘They are done for.’

‘He won’t kill them, right?’

Unfortunately, Hyun Tang and Hyun Beop didn’t see their reaction as Chung Myung smiled and walked over,

“It’s good for everyone to end this here.”

“When one wants to end something, it shouldn’t end like this. If one can do something like this and then expect the end to be a happy one, then why would wars happen? Plenty of people should already know this.”

Chung Myung slowly drew his sword again,

“Something you get only after you have paid the price for your transgressions. Do you get it? You cannot be just a fool after aging this much, right?”

In the eyes of Chung Myung, Hyun Beop could be seen retreating.

“I-I am a member of the sect! And you are below me.”

“Right. It is true that older people should be respected.”

“Which is why you are being beaten.”

The sword of Chung Myung flew like a beam of light and hit Hyun Beop on the head.

Hyun Beop’s body collapsed right away with the sound of a bomb.

He began to roll on the ground holding his head, and Chung Myung shouted,

“How dare these bastards with no blood in their heads come and act out! Die, you bastard!”

Hyun Beopwas too young to deal with this old kkondae who had returned from the underworld.

Unfortunate as it was.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.