Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Hyun Beop, who had been struggling with all he could muster, finally passed out.

Chung Myung moved the shitty body of Hyun Beop with his sword and turned to look at Hyun Tang.

Hyun Tang stepped back,

“Y-You are so rude.”

Hyun Tang’s eyes looked here and there, unable to find a place to settle. But still, he spoke with a furious voice.

“Even if we did something excessive, aren’t you a Taoist? How did one who is a Taoist become this inhumane? Will the ancestors of Mount Hua not be ashamed to see this?”

Chung Myung smiled bitterly.

Hyun Tang, who saw that, raised his voice even more,

“It is a mortal sin which calls for death. Mount Hua’s…”

“Old man. You know a lot about Mount Hua?”

“It seems like you don’t. Mount Hua never had a hierarchy.”

“…you, till the very end!”

“You should be elated to have met me.”

Hyun Tang’s face distorted at his words, but the words Chung Myung said were completely sincere.

‘If you were caught by my sahyung, he would have broken your legs by now.’

Great Virtuous Sword, Chung Mun.

The man had made a name for himself as one of the most virtuous people in the world, but how could such a person lead a sect like Mount Hua, which was full of arrogant people?

“You have been talking about ancestors for a while now, but if the ancestors were still alive, they would have thrown you out of the hall and off a cliff right away.”

“Aren’t you ashamed of when you will have to face the ancestors?”

Chung Myung could hear them looking down from the sky and asking him the same thing.

“Well, fine. All good. It can be this too. People are greedy, and they can always get greedy. Because people are people. But…”

Chung Myung’s face turned red,

“I’ll put up with everything. But how dare you ignore our sect leader?”

He had supported and lifted Mount Hua even after everyone else had abandoned it and had forsaken his own growth to continue to protect it now. Without Hyun Jong doing so, Chung Myung was sure that he wouldn’t have had a Mount Hua to return to.

And this ‘elder’ was trying to persecute such a man?

That was unforgivable.

“Come here. You need to be beaten until you die. Get hit!”

Hyun Tang bit his lip.

Words don’t work on the Divine Dragon, so he had to get out of this situation.

‘Even if he is that good…’

Hyun Tang drew his sword.

At the same time, a sharp flow of qi rose from his body. It wasn’t a lie to say that he was once considered the next hope of Mount Hua.

Chung Myung was interested, and Hyun Tang gritted his teeth.

‘He must have only repeated training till now. He must have never risked his life.’

No matter how good Chung Myung was, a real fight was where everything changed, and his body was bound to stiffen.

If Hyung Tang aimed for that moment, then even he could win.

“You look down on me. While you were training comfortably on the mountains, I passed countless hurdles of death out in the harsh reality.”

Chung Myung smiled and swung his sword.

At that moment, Hyun Tang rushed toward Chung Myung at a formidable speed and stabbed with his sword.

The sword aimed precisely at the center touched the chest of Chung Myung in an instant.

‘You idiot! So distracted…’

Chung Myung turned around and avoided the sword.

One simple movement made the sword of Hyun Tang look so ineffective.

Hyun Tang, who couldn’t retrieve his sword due to the fierce momentum, hurriedly looked away with a face full of shock.

Chung Myung smiling.

Chung Myung’s shoulders turned back. His back was pulled tight, and his feet were stiff on the floor. The whole process perfectly caught Hyun Tang’s eyes.

Chung Myung’s fist was pulled back, and as if launched by a bowstring, flew straight toward Hyun Tang.

Chung Myung’s fist snapped Hyun Tang’s jaw back.

Hyun Tang’s teeth were scattered out of his broken jaw in all directions, and his head was bent back as if broken,

And his body fell down like a doll that had lost its string. Seeing this, Chung Myung smiled and raised his still-sheathed sword.

“A guy who cannot hold his sword properly, what? Multiple deaths? Huh? Don’t make me laugh.”

Who was this bastard lying to?

Did you think I am from the Demonic Sect?

Chung Myung’s eyes shone.

“Come! I will tell you what real life or death is! Die! Die! Die, you bastard!”

The sword of Chung Myung went for the body of Hyun Tang as if dancing. Hyun Tang screamed and twisted his body, but Chung Myung’s sword didn’t know forgiveness.

“How dare you scream on this sacred conduit! Shut your mouth! Come on, I will be teaching you etiquette!”

Is beating people all right when near a sacred conduit, then?

There were too many things to say, but no one could confront the madness in his eyes, and so they stayed silent.

“… shouldn’t we stop him?”

Does it feel like he had to be stopped right now?

Just as Baek Cheon gulped and was about to step forward, someone next to him poked his head in and looked inside the hall.

“You won’t be going ahead… Elder?”

Noticing that Hyun Young was the one, Baek Cheon stepped aside.

“Tch.What sect elder?”

“… should we stop him?”

Hyun Young shook his head and turned around.

“Tch.Over there.Tch tch.”

Then, as if nothing had happened, he walked away from the hall. Was him stepping further and further away, looking all refreshed, an illusion?

Baek Cheon, who had been instructed to leave it alone, pondered for a moment and smiled.

“I don’t know anymore.”

He wouldn’t kill them.

Chung Myung shook his hands and looked back with a face that said he hadn’t fully vented his anger.

“Eh.I have become too kind these days. I really wish it was the same as before.”

He would have thought of cutting off their limbs first.

Teaching children turned him so mushy.

‘If Sahyung had seen me, he would have shed some tears because I am turning into a human again.’

No. Even his anger was a lot less this time, right?

Chung Myung stepped out.

“What do you mean how? Throw them away.”

“If possible, throw them off the cliff.”

“… no, I will take care of it and clean this up.”

Chung Myung pushed the disciples out and left the hall.

Baek Cheon shook his head as he looked at the hall, which had been torn to rags.

“Even if barbarians had attacked them, it wouldn’t have been this bad.”

“… compared to Chung Myung, the barbarians are innocent.”

“I am sure you’ll hear something like this near a conduit like this.”

What was sadder was that it wasn’t even wrong.

“Anyway, out the gate those…”

“No! The more I think, the hotter I get! These bastards! What? Who is the legitimate sect leader of Mount Hua? You fucking idiots ran away!”

Seeing Chung Myung rush back in, the Baek and Chung disciples were frightened and stopped him. And each of them had to hold any part of Chung Myung to stop him.

“Chung Myung! Hold back!”

“The more you hit, the more he might die for real! Calm down! Calm down!”

“No, he is not good at all!”

“Someone go and bring alcohol!”

Baek Cheon held Chung Myung by the waist and yelled,

“Yah! Get them away! Save them my ass. Just throw them away right now! Come on!”

The rest of the disciples picked up the fallen interlopers and carried them to the gate of Mount Hua.

From the outside, it might look like a harsh act, but when one got to know what actually happened, they would consider this the worldly good. If the goddess of manners saw this, even she would be smiling down.

Of course, after seeing the full events, she would have to take a seat.

“Now, now Chung Myung, calm down!”

“They are out! They are gone.”

And they frowned as Chung Myung was pulling less and less.

“You should have thrown them off the cliff.”

“… let them live like humans. Huh? Like humans.”

Chung Myung rolled his eyes at Baek Cheon’s answer.

“Sasuk did nothing. You were just looking while those crappy morons were trying to set foot on Mount Hua! I need to take this up with the sect leader!”

“Next time something like this happens, don’t think too much and throw them out. Got it?”

“Tch.I am starving. Is there food being served still?”

Chung Myung shook his hands and began to walk to the dining hall.

Everyone who saw this sighed.

“… resolved, right?”

Looking at the result alone, it could be said that a solution was found, but the process was too much more than Baek Cheon had imagined.

“Anyway, my insides feel cold.”

At the words of Yoon Jong and Jo Gul, Baek Cheon shook his head.

“I feel cool on the inside… no, it is refreshing for real. Still…”

“Ah, shit, that shocked me!”

Hyun Young suddenly popped up, and Baek Cheon was terrified by this.

“… Chung Myung ordered it, and they were thrown outside the gate.”

Hyun Young clicked his tongue,

“Still, they are people who once belonged to Mount Hua. Can we just send them away like this?”

“Just spray it all at once.”

“He went to the dining hall.”

Hyun Young gently nodded and walked to the dining hall.

Looking at this, everyone shook their heads.

‘The more I think about it, this man is the scarier one.’

‘Actually, if there was no Chung Myung, would this have happened?’

Baek Cheon mumbled in a weak voice.

“Is this a sect or a battleground?”

No one was willing to answer that.

“But where is Chung Myung?”

“Uh? Didn’t he go to his room yesterday?”

“He didn’t come to training this morning.”

“Uh? He isn’t in his room.”

Anxiety rose on the faces of the disciples.

Chung Myung never skipped training. Wasn’t he the kind of person who said that if their training were skipped he would make sure they would sleep and die within the training grounds?

And such a guy wasn’t visible since morning? This was too odd.

“Sasuk! Chung Myung is coming from there!”

Baek Cheon turned his gaze to the direction Jo Gul pointed.

And tilted his head.

Was it strange to see Chung Myung popping out of somewhere on Mount Hua? No, but strangely, he was walking in from outside the gate once more.

Besides, he had a bottle in his hand.

Judging from the fact that the shape of the alcohol bottle was different from yesterday, he must have gone down and come back up.

Baek Cheon, unable to clear his doubts, ran to Chung Myung.

“Where did you go to?”

Chung Myung shrugged his shoulders at the question.

“Nothing. I had some business to take care of, so I went down.”

“Chung Myung. Did you?”

“Do I look like some butcher? Why beat someone who has lost?”

“… right? That is it, right?”

Baek Cheon sighed with relief.

He thought that Chung Myung ran after them, unable to bear his anger. Still, he felt anxiety despite the answer.

“… the ones who were once members of the sect. Of course, there is no problem in condemning those who abandoned us, but then…”

To be beaten by a third-class disciple.

There was more than enough room for this to be developed into new gossip. The problem was that it wouldn’t end with just Mount Hua but the reputation of Chung Myung too.

“Right. It cannot be…”

“Anyway, I am rather professional in my dealings, so I will not have to worry about it again.”

As Chung Myung began to walk in, Baek Cheon followed.

‘I don’t understand.’

He looked at the back of Chung Myung and thought, but he couldn’t think of anything serious.

Baek Cheon turned his head and looked over to the gate.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.