Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The Huayoung Gate Leader, Wei Lishan, gulped as he looked at the people around him.

‘No, they hadn’t been interested till now, but…’

Of course, he had eyes and ears so he knew that they weren’t intentionally neglecting him.

But wasn’t it true that as soon as they climbed up Mount Hua, he was treated as a sack of barley and put aside?

But now he was summoned by them and they were looking at him with much passion.

Eyes as if they were looking at a golden calf that was shining bright.

Wei Lishan, feeling burdened, coughed.

Hyun Jong, who was sitting at the top of the table, smiled and said,

“The reason I asked you to come here was to discuss the future.”

“Yes, Sect Leader, I was waiting.”

“First of all, I want to apologize for not paying attention to you after asking you to come here. I didn’t mean it, but…”

However, Hyun Jong couldn’t finish.

“We don’t have much time! He will understand all the above-said things, so get to the point.”

Before he could apologize for the past few days, Hyun Young cut his words short. Those who would normally stop him were now nodding their heads.

Seeing their reactions Hyun Jong sighed,

‘These are Taoists?’

Even a bandit wouldn’t be in this much of a hurry!

“Ahem!Right, right.”

In the end, Hyun Jong raised his head and looked at Wei Lishan.

“Huayoung Gate Leader.”

“This time, from Mount Hua to Xi’an, we want to open up a central sub-sect, will you take over that role?”

Wei Lishan looked shocked.

Of course, he didn’t follow the disciples to Mount Hua without thought. He wanted something to push them a bit more for the sake of the Gate. That was why he came up here.

Of all places, he didn’t expect Xi’an to be mentioned.

“Sect Leader… did you say you want a central sub gate in Xi’an?”

Hyun Jong nodded his head,

“It would be good to move Huayoung Gate to Xi’an. Otherwise, you can leave Huayoung to that disciples of yours and open a new sect in Xi’an. That is also a good option.”

“W-Wait. Sect Leader.”

Wei Lishan cut off Hyun Jong’s words.

He knew it wasn’t polite, but this was too shocking; it wasn’t a situation to be polite.

“P-Please explain this a little more…”

When Hyun Jong turned to look at the disciples, they frowned and bowed their heads.

Hyun Jong calmly explained the situation.

Wei Lishan, who heard the context, looked around.

“What do you plan to do?”

“… Sect Leader. It is truly relieving to me that you want to entrust such a task to this small man.”

“But, I am not sure if I am the type of person who can take on such a heavy duty. Isn’t there someone more suited than…”

Before he could finish his sentence, Chung Myung entered the conversation,

“There is only one Huayoung Gate in Mount Hua. Where can we go and find other people? We are not messing around! There are no other people! Mount Hua has only you as a sub-sect. Just you!”

At those words, the elders became dyed red.

‘Couldn’t you have put it nicely!’

‘Did you have to say that! So ashamed!’

‘That guy is seriously…’

Wei Lishan was speechless and looked at Chung Myung like he was shocked.

‘There is no change in how that young disciple acts even in front of his sect leader.’

He wasn’t some evergreen tree. How can he remain so unchanging…

“For now, it has only been a year since we began to make a name for ourselves, and then we went to win the tournament, which people know to be a miracle. You have to row when the water comes.”

Because there was a proper timing for everything.

“And think about it. You want us to give this to others?”

“… um? What do you mean by that?”

“From now on, Mount Hua will use all its capabilities to further its name. In other words, it means that all the money we earn and the martial arts we own will be invested.”

“And we want you to be the one to preside over this sub-sect in such a situation. Now we’re talking about being humble and admitting that we’re not good enough for something. But what if someone else really takes your place and orders you around, will you be able to laugh it off?”

Wei Lishan’s face darkened.

The sub-sect leader to him?

“I need to think about it…”

“That is something we don’t have to think about. What Huayoung did for Mount Hua all this time will be made into an injustice if you step aside. If I were in your situation I would be upset and would never be able to sleep.”

What he said was correct.

The words were true; wasn’t it Huayoung Gate who stayed with Mount Hua even when it was collapsing?

But to stop the rolling stone with a studded stone, and to assume that the new gate, which was new, would be the one he would have to serve?

‘I cannot stand it.’

Wei Lishan’s face changed, making Chung Myung smile.

“Of course, it will be difficult for a while if you take on the role of a central sub-sect. But is there anything in the world that can be established without effort? If we think of your sub-sect, we want you to seize this chance. Think about the future…”

Wei Lishan nodded, his face plastered with a determined expression.

“The sooner the better.”

Chung Myung turned his head and looked at Hyun Jong,

Hyun Jong looked at Chung Myung with a blank expression.

‘Why does this feel like he scammed the guy…’

… there was nothing wrong with what was said. There was a bit of exaggeration and slight distortions, but the overall content was the same.

But wasn’t that what made it feel like a scam?

The fundamental question of whether it was possible for a Taoist to hold onto lies and scam people.

However, Hyun Jong decided not to discuss it, as such things didn’t matter around Chung Myung.

“Yeah. I am just thankful you are willing to take the role.”

“This is something I should be thankful for. But Sect Leader. If you really want to proceed with this thing, my strength alone will not be enough.”

Wei Lishan took a deep breath and opened his mouth again,

“Although Huayoung Gate is a part of Mount Hua, we aren’t properly taught martial arts. It is a shame that not only those from large sects but even the medium and small sects are superior to us.”

Hyun Jong nodded his head.

In the first place, the elders of Mount Hua didn’t learn the proper martial arts, so how could they have passed it on to the sub-sects?

This wasn’t the fault of Huayoung Gate but of Mount Hua.

“The other day, I made a request to my disciples to take the chance and learn things here. No matter how much of a sub-sect we are, your reputation is rising, and if we do not have a similar level of martial arts to represent this, it will be difficult for all of us. It might be a pipe dream… So… firstly, I would request that we put the urgency of this matter aside, and train the disciples of Huayoung Gate…”

“We don’t have time for that.”

But Chung Myung cut his words short.

“As I said, the water is flowing now. If we delay this, the water will drain out, and we will have nothing to row through.”

The elders nodded their heads.

A lot of times, work wasn’t just about putting in effort. In the end, there had to be a bit of luck involved.

“That is right, but so is what I said. I cannot help but worry.”

Hyun Jong looked at Chung Myung and sighed.

“What do you think? Is there any way to solve this problem?”

Chung Myung tilted his head, unable to understand.

“Is there some problem?”

Hyun Jong’s face was dark.

There was no way Chung Myung didn’t understand what Wei Lishan was trying to say. So it meant that there had to be a solution.

But even though he knew the answer, he wasn’t so sure as the answers Chung Myung usually gives were all far from usual.

“… what will you do?”

“Well, it is simple. If you are weak you should get stronger. If you pass down the newly found martial arts of Mount Hua they can get stronger.”

“True, but aren’t we running on a limited time frame?”

“Eh. That is all stereotypes.”

Chung Myung shrugged and said,

“Is it really necessary to learn the martial arts of Mount Hua on Mount Hua? Most of the disciples of the Gate will have to move to Xi’an… and they can learn it there.”

“At the newly opened sect there in Xi’an, the disciples of the Gate can learn martial arts, and then they can teach it to the new disciples you will recruit there. Two birds with one stone? Deal with all of it at once.”

“Right. That is it.”

Hyun Young chimed in, but Hyun Jong looked at him with distaste in his eyes.

‘He doesn’t even think for himself anymore. If Chung Myung says something it has to be correct.’

At this point, even if Chung Myung said they had to cast out their sect leader, this guy might applaud and agree that it was the proper thing to do.

Hyun Jong shook his head.

“Then, who do you think should go?”

“That’s something Sect Leader should decide.”

Everyone turned to Hyun Jong.

Hyun Jong thought for a moment and nodded his head.

“I will follow your orders.”

Baek Cheon nodded his head and spoke firmly.

“Chose some Baek disciples and Chung disciples to take with you. I would like to send Un Am but it will be difficult for the other Un disciples to carry out their work on Mount Hua.”

And when it came to teaching disciples, the Baek disciples were better than the Un disciples.

In addition, Baek Cheon had a higher reputation than the Un disciples, so his fame would help them more in Xi’an.

“You will help Baek Cheon.”

“Will that be fine? What if something happens when I am not here?”

“Xi’an is not too far from Mount Hua, so if there is anything that requires your presence I will send someone to fetch you.”

“…Ugh.Now you want me to go back and forth. If you treat an old man like this you will be punished.”

“Don’t be rude, you black-haired man.”

Hyun Young sighed but he didn’t object further.

Hyun Young was also someone who knew how much effort it took to open up a new sub-sect. If he, who manages their finances, didn’t go, then the process would be even more time-consuming.

“Then I will find a suitable position for it.”

“Right. All the matters related to that are left to you.”

But Baek Cheon looked at Hyun Jong with an anxious face.

“… but Sect Leader.”

“I have one question.”

Baek Cheon hesitated a little before opening his mouth.

“… should I take that guy?”

He didn’t look or point his hand.

But as soon as the word ‘that guy’ came up, everyone turned to Chung Myung.

Hyun Jong also looked at him with a subtle gaze.

If you used common sense, Chung Myung had to be taken. Opening a central sub-sect was the most important for Mount Hua now, and his power would be needed there.

No matter how much Southern Edge chose to stay locked up, Xi’an was the place it had the most impact on. At the same time, it was the place where the sub-sects of Southern Edge had to be swarming too.

Still, it bothered him…

‘He can cause trouble here too, but can this guy be released into such a big city?’

It felt like his head was pounding.

But his worries were short-lived as the conclusion came.

“… obviously you need to take me.”

Everyone sighed in unison.

“What? What is with this reaction?”

Only Chung Myung tilted his head as if he couldn’t understand.

In this way, it was decided that they would head to Xi’an with the Mount Hua disciples, Huayoung Gate and Chung Myung.

The peaceful city of Xi’an was going to be pitied.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.