Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The sound of people dying was now the symbol of Mount Hua.

Baek Cheon, who weaved several logs with thick and strong copper cords, began to pull them up all at once, sweat pouring out of his entire body.

His arms were trembling, and his back was giving out.

Another deathly groan could be heard coming from his side.

Baek Cheon sighed at the groans of Yoon Jong.

He couldn’t breathe properly. It was the truth, and in front of his eyes was a scene that could only be described as bizarre.

“There! Make that one straight!”

“If you do it like that, the pillar will be twisted! Dig more! Dig more into the inside! More! More!”

“A training hall shouldn’t be this weak! Instead of picking up just the rocks, also pull out the soil too! Why are you not listening to what I am saying?”

Baek Cheon closed his eyes.

‘I should have predicted this the moment we were told Elder Hyun Young was coming with us.’

If Hyun Jong or Hyun Sang had been leading them, this would have never happened.

But who was Hyun Young?

He was a housekeeper who pursued the art of saving money, he was truly obsessed with money.

Of course, Mount Hua had recently become a wealthy sect, but since Hyun Young had lived most of his life without two pennies to rub together, he couldn’t bring himself to waste money in vain.

‘No. It isn’t that extreme.’

To be honest, he couldn’t stand to spend money where it could be saved. The only place he truly spent money was when feeding the disciples.

“If that is the case, wouldn’t it be better to just build a new house on a vacant lot?”

“If you are going to demolish an existing house and build a new one, why buy a house in the first place?”

“And we are no carpenters skilled in making houses…”

The disciples who had been complaining quickly went silent. Suddenly, Hyun Young opened his eyes and stared at them,

“Do not talk and move your asses!”

Baek Cheon and the rest of the disciples began to move again.

Hyun Young, who looked at Baek Cheon with a dissatisfied face, shouted in a loud voice,

“Don’t think of this as a job! This is going to be a clan of Mount Hua! Do not forget what I am saying. This will be the foundation for Mount Hua’s future clan.”

“So, work with a straightened back! Then, stretch your back ten times! Make sure you remember to dig while you do this! This is an extension of your training. Why do strong people complain about working?! Eh!”

Had it not been for this part, everyone would have worked with a warm heart.

Baek Cheon set down the log he had been dragging.

The disciples were divided into three groups and were working.

On one side, some were working to remove a collapsed wall and raise a new one, and on the other side, the entire yard was being dug up.

‘If anyone saw this, they would think we are digging a canal.’

And the most important work was happening behind them.

The half-torn pavilion was neatly dismantled into a fine powder by the hands of the Mount Hua disciples, and the work to lay the foundation and raise pillars was in full swing.

“This way! The pillars should be raised!Ugh!Warrior! Ah, you cannot do that! Please wait a minute!”

“Eh! Eh! That is right! Oh my, you warriors are so amazing! That isn’t something normal people can lift!”

At the sight of them raising this pillar, a few people wearing work clothes and not the uniforms of Mount Hua were praising them.

Chung Myung had said that it could all be done with the disciples. But, being thoughtful, Hyun Young had gone to Eunha and asked Elder Hwang to send over some carpenters. Elder Hwang had chuckled and gladly arranged for some men to come over and help.

‘Why did you do that?’

“Still, something doesn’t seem right.”

Baek Cheon looked at the pavilion, which was taking shape, with trembling eyes.

If one couldn’t do it, one should neatly give up and make the workers do it. But, the folks from Mount Hua had decided to use their own people to overturn this entire place!

When one thought about it, these warriors who had come to help them out were looking like they would even jump off a cliff if Chung Myung asked them.

For such people, this labor would be nothing.

If one thought about it that way, it wasn’t a big deal.

But there was one thing that made Baek Cheon feel annoyed.

On a bench in one corner, a man was lying down while drinking from a bottle.

‘Ghost, my ass. Try catching this one!’

Sahyungs and sasuks were working hard here, and that guy… was drinking!

Baek Cheon rolled his eyes.

But the moment he wanted to say something, his eyes softened at the sight of Hyun Young.

“I… don’t have any complaints about doing things like this. But…”

Baek Cheon’s gaze drifted to Chung Myung, who was lying on the floor.

“But… I wondered if we could work together…”

“This,ugh, Tch. Tch.”

Hyun Young clicked his tongue, looking at Baek Cheon.

“Someone who is the great disciple of the Baek disciples shouldn’t think like this.”

Baek Cheon’s shoulders shrank at the words of Hyun Young.

“Have you ever seen a person who pays money to others come to work?”

“Have you ever seen a man who gave money to a worker to build his house work alongside them?”

“Who do you think earned the money to buy this place and all the materials?”

Baek Cheon went silent.

This was a fact that could not be denied, even if this situation felt wrong. Wasn’t Chung Myung the only one on Mount Hua who made the most wealth for Mount Hua to enjoy?

“Where in the world does anyone who pays for work to be done, also work? You don’t even understand that! Some man you are, wanting to be the next sect leader of the Sect!”

Even after having his pride hurt once, he noticed how Hyun Young didn’t look away.

“And, can you not be proud of your sajae, who is just resting for a bit? Did you mean that you are jealous of him being there? Since when did Mount Hua turn into such a sect!”

There were too many things for Baek Cheon to counter.

First of all, that guy isn’t cute.

And secondly, Mount Hua is like that.

Where in the world is there a sect more fierce than Mount Hua?!

But despite the numerous thoughts in his head, not a single word could reach the ears of Hyun Young.

If Chung Myung lived with his mouth being the greatest of its kind, then this man was in second place!

Chung Myung, who was watching this, tilted his head.

“Should I also work?”

“No. No. Why would you work? There are so many things to do even if you don’t work here. These bastards will do the work here so you rest. Rest my child, okay?”

“But looking at their eyes…”

“Eyes! What eyes! I will pull those eyes out!”

Why are you saying that, looking at me?

Ah… I really wish I could turn this off.

Baek Cheon turned his head away and took a deep breath.

And someone said carefully,

“Ah… Disciple Baek Cheon. Are you having a hard time?”

When he turned, he looked at Wei So heng, the rumored next leader of the Huayoung Gate, who was staring at him with a worried face.

“I am sorry. Because of us…”

“Do not say that. This is for Mount Hua. Why are you apologizing?”

That guy was the problem here! That guy!

“… thanks to the disciples and Disciple Chung Myung, we have reached this point.”

When Baek Cheon was unable to understand what he meant, he continued,

“It feels like just yesterday that I climbed Mount Hua with the intention of making you help us with a sub-sect of Wudang… not only did you protect us, but you even enabled us to grow.”

Baek Cheon closed his mouth.

And from one side, Wei Lishan was glancing at them as he continued to carry materials with the disciples.

It must have been quite difficult for someone who was suffering from bodily ailments, but Wei Lishan didn’t look troubled. Rather, he was encouraging the disciples with a lively face.

Wei Soheng smiled softly and said,

“Father seems quite happy too.”

Baek Cheon nodded his head.

Although the gate leader showed a calm face, it was easy to guess how difficult it must be to act like the main person when he had no actual power.

“My father always wanted our gate to grow. He said that only we could be of help to Mount Hua. But he grew old without being able to achieve that dream.”

“So, my father must be feeling good. It seems like he looks happy to leave his dream in an achievable state. All because of Disciple Chung Myung’s… no, because of his grace and yours.”

Baek Cheon shook his head.

“It isn’t because of our grace. This was directly accomplished by your father and your gate.”

“If your Gate weren’t with Mount Hua, then Mount Hua wouldn’t have moved forward either. It was you who endured the tough times and stuck with Mount Hua, which is why we are prospering the most.”

Baek Cheon looked at Wei Soheng and smiled,

“So let us do our best together. Shouldn’t you be making a name for your gate under the heavens?”

Wei Soheng smiled and nodded his head.

But then, a voice broke out,

“Elder! Those two people are playing around!”

Wei Soheng and Baek Cheon were terrified and ran back to work.

‘I was just saying thanks!’

‘I’d rather die! Please!’

Wei Soheng and Baek Cheon sighed at the same time.

“… wow, this is it.”

The disciples of Mount Hua looked around with thrilled eyes. They could see the whole building, which was still under construction.

The pillars were raised, the walls raised, and the roof too, but they had to leave the finishing touches to the hands of the carpenters.

“Because how it looks is also important. ”

Baek Cheon nodded at Jo Gul’s words.

“But, it isn’t like roasting beans over the fire. It will be done in seven weeks.”

“If you look closely, ten people will be needed to do it.”

They were stronger than horses and cows, and they could do precise work, which the animals couldn’t.

Of course, it would be unthinkable for other sects to use the warriors they raised like this, but such common sense didn’t work on Mount Hua.

“Anyway, since we have etched the engraving, can it be opened?”

“Right. This is just the start.”

“Everyone has been through so much.”

The disciples of Mount Hua, who had crossed a mountain of work, smiled.

They had suffered from the nagging of Hyung Young and they suffered from bouncing between jobs all day.

However, as they watched the buildings be painted, they began to feel proud of what they had accomplished.

But they forgot one thing.

The fact that the devil was right behind them.

“Look at you making strange noises?”

Everyone looked back.

Chung Myung, who was looking at the place with a gloomy expression, smiled, looking at the gathered disciples.

“Didn’t I tell you from the start? With the skills of Huayoung Gate, there is no point in putting it here?”

“Now is just the beginning.”

“Originally, it would take three months, but we are short on time. So I have no choice but to act radically. I will make sure anyone can see in a full month how dignified we have become.”

Wei Lishan tilted his head, not understanding what he meant. But Baek Cheon, who understood, closed his eyes.

If you survive, you will be strong.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.