Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Naksaeng Stop, a famous bar in Xi’an, was busy today.

Those who had been drinking here since the sun was high in the sky were exchanging stories of random things.

But there was one thing that kept coming up and out of the mouths of many of the people there: Mount Hua.

“Honestly though, didn’t you want to go see it?”

Jeon Yuk, the owner of a clothing shop, glanced around and spoke in a low voice,

“But it isn’t Mount Hua.”

At the words of the Jwa Dong, who sat across him, the man nodded again.

If they had heard this before, they would have snorted.

Because just a year or two ago, Mount Hua wasn’t a sect that had the courage to come after what belonged to Southern Edge.

But now things had changed so much.

“Isn’t it a story that no one in the world can not know? How Mount Hua produced the best results in the most recent competition?”

“Right. It was even the same thing as winning, right?”

“Yes. Besides, winning isn’t important. What is so great about one person winning? There were three from Mount Hua in the final eight and two in the final four. And it was no exaggeration to say that they dominated the entire competition.”

Jwa Dong shook his head, feeling some sympathy.

“Besides, this was supposed to be a competition which was meant to find candidates for ‘best in the world’. When such a title is pulled in, don’t we usually look for someone who is unparalleled?”

Jeon Yuk clicked his tongue,

“Well, entering a sub-sect means learning martial arts. So it is fine going to the sect which teaches well and not the stronger sect.”

“Did you decide to block your ears? From what you are saying, you think that entering Mount Hua’s sub-sect isn’t stupid.”

“What I am saying isn’t just empty words. I mean it.”

Jeon Yuk was already drunk.

“Right now, that sect has the best momentum in the world, and they even opened up a sub-sect within Xi’an… but we cannot even see it. I think I’d like to take a look… I heard Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon is coming.”

“Don’t even dream of it. As soon as you go there, Xi’an will be a mess.”

Jwa Dong looked around, a bit scared just thinking about it. But, not seeing anything, he shook his head.

“Do not make any rash moves. Xi’an is a place that cannot escape from the influence of Southern Edge. Isn’t that youngest son of yours a disciple of the Southern Edge Sect? And if you come into contact with Mount Hua now? You cannot help but be hurt in the process.”

“But isn’t the Southern Edge Sect closed?”

“Huh. You shouldn’t trust such things so easily. What will you do if they open their gates up?”

Jwa Dong clicked his tongue.

“And it isn’t all about the main sect. Do you think their sub-sects in Xi’an will stand still? Southern Edge isn’t in a position to come down, but they would not walk away from that role, right?”

Jeon Yuk just couldn’t resist it,

“A pity. It is truly a pity. It is said that Mount Hua is unparalleled, and our youngest is the right age to join…”

“Do not talk nonsense and just drink.”

It wasn’t just the two of them sharing these kinds of talk. Similar conversations were happening at every table.

“I want to go take a look…”

“I heard that the swordsmanship of Mount Hua is sharp… if we do well, can our children also become like Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon?”

“If it is Mount Hua Divine Dragon, then he is the best in the world.”

“It is a pity, man. For real.”

And every word was filled with regret.

Since every Southern Edge sub-sect has had its eyes wide open for a while now, no person could visit Huayoung Gate. But they were still human, so how could they not be interested?

In the end, everyone had no choice but to kill their disappointment with alcohol.

“But why is it so noisy?”

“Isn’t it normal for bars to be noisy?”

“No. Not the bar… it is from outside.”

“Outside? What about it?”

The eyes of the two turned to the entrance at the same time, and a man opened the door to check what was going on outside.

Jeon Yuk looked wide-eyed.

He thought he saw a crowd of people for a moment when the door opened…?

“What is happening out there?”

They weren’t the only ones who noticed the commotion, the eyes of those who were confused turned to the windows and the doors.

Jeon Yuk got up slowly as he was impatient, and he tried to confirm what was happening with his eyes instead of trying to guess.

He made his way through people who were also starting to rise one by one and opened the door.

When they went outside, there were more people there than inside.

‘What the hell are people gathered here for?’

The bar was just off the largest road in Xi’an. But the fact that this road which could fit a lot of people now seemed crowded was very shocking.

It was the first time they had seen such a scene, so questions began to arise. He eventually began to move between the crowd and tried to get close to the center.

“Give me a second to move. What is happening?”

“If this person is late, you should stay behind!”

Jeon Yuk slowly pushed himself to the front and stuck his head out.

And his eyes widened at the unexpected sight.

The crowd had gathered, and there were people in black robes who stood out.

Seeing the plum blossom pattern engraved on their chest, Jeon Yuk shouted loudly,

Why was Mount Hua here?

They heard people of Mount Hua were staying in Huayoung Gate, so coming here wasn’t so strange.

But why were theyhere?

He looked at them with doubt.

“Do we really have to?”

“Then you want to fake it?”

Yoon Jong and Jo Gul looked at Chung Myung with desperate eyes.

However, Chung Myung responded with a cold voice,

“Why? You don’t want to?”

“Ah, no. It isn’t that I don’t want to…” said Yoon Jong, with a puzzled face.

“This is the first time I used my sword in front of so many people…”

“Is he the same one who fought in Shaolin?”

“T-that was a spar. This is a demonstration.”

The crowd had gathered so suddenly.

‘Ah, my heart is pounding.’

Of course, as Chung Myung said, they did perform in front of so many people. But the purpose of that spar meant he had to literally only focus on one other person, and he wasn’t able to worry about being seen.

And now Chung Myung wants them to do this in front of so many people?

“W-Will this work? The people of Xi’an must have seen the sword of Southern Edge countless times.”

At Jo Gul’s words, Chung Myung clicked his tongue.

“This Sahyung is back to saying stupid things again. What is the greatest strength, Sahyung, of Mount Hua’s sword?”

Jo Gul tilted his head.

Strong? Fast? If not…

Jo Gul nodded his head as if he understood.

“It isn’t uncommon for people who are used to the sword of Southern Edge, which only knows how to hit, swing, and block, to turn their eyes and watch the sword technique of Mount Hua.”

“… the sword technique which is said to be flashy.”

“I have already researched all of that. It seems that they’ve never demonstrated it. Because it was a sword technique which was a secret weapon.”

This random crowd member was so meticulous.

Chung Myung clapped his hands,

“This is a sight to see. Mount Hua’s sword is gorgeous, so it is a lot better to see it with your own eyes rather than just hearing about it for a hundred days!”

Chung Myung pointed forward,

“So don’t say obvious things and do it.”

The face of Yoon Jong and Jo Gul contorted.

‘Who didn’t know that!’

‘It is because I am embarrassed!’

I have lived on a mountain where even birds don’t want to fly for half my life, so I am not used to so many people being around me. And he wants me to dothatsword technique.

But there was no place for them to escape.

“Chung Myung is right.”

Baek Cheon nodded slowly with a stiff face.

“A lot depends on whether or not we can take root in Xi’an. Mount Hua is Mount Hua, but should we be helping the Huayoung Gate, which decided to move to Xi’an for us?”

It was the right thing to say.

So why were you stepping back and pushing us forward?

“Ahem. So, everyone is doing good things…”

The tip of Chung Myung’s sheath poked the back of Baek Cheon, who was slowly retreating.

“Sasuk should be in the front.”

“The crowd’s eyes are only drawn in when the most talented and skilled one is in the lead. You are also asking something that is obvious.”

I didn’t ask because I didn’t know.

At that moment, Hyun Young approached them with a smile,

“It seems like we managed to gather enough people, so enough talking and more action. Taking too much attention can backfire.”

Chung Myung nodded and pointed ahead.

The disciples of Mount Hua, who couldn’t escape from this, sighed in unison. They clearly didn’t like this,

And then someone said,

“I am really sorry. It seems like we caused a lot of trouble…”

The disciples all turned to the voice. It was Wei Soheng. And his father, who was behind him, bowed his head.

The faces of Mount Hua’s disciples who saw this contorted.

“What is that supposed to mean?! We are supposed to do this!”

“Just continue to look at us!”

“It is okay if things work like this.”

Baek Cheon’s face, which was contorting till then, changed into one of a warrior. He nodded with a confident face.

“It isn’t bad to give the people of Xi’an an insight into what Mount Hua’s sword is. Do not worry.”

With Baek Cheon in the lead, the disciples of Mount Hua began to follow him at once.

Seeing this, Chung Myung smiled.

‘These ones are such weird kids.’

When asked to do so, they mumbled and whined and searched for ways to avoid it, but when they saw someone feeling bad, they pretended like nothing was wrong.

This was why the disciples of Mount Hua were interesting.

Baek Cheon, who stepped forward with a dignified look, took a deep breath and looked around. Everyone fell silent.

The people of Xi’an looked at them with anticipation and curiosity,

“I am Baek Cheon, the second great disciple from Mount Hua.”

“The Righteous Sword of Mount Hua!”

In terms of fame, Baek Cheon was as good as Chung Myung, and even Yoon Jong and Yu Yiseol were known. However, here in Xi’an, they could get an even better evaluation.

“That person is the Righteous Sword of Mount Hua! He defeated Jin Geum-Ryong!”

He already had a record of beating the people from Southern Edge.

More and more people began to come and join the crowd. The name ‘Righteous Sword of Mount Hua’ held power over them. And this was how fame was earned.

“Today, we are going to demonstrate the martial arts of Mount Hua right here. We would like to greet those who haven’t seen Mount Hua for a long time, so please enjoy this.”

Chung Myung and Hyun Young, who saw this, clicked their tongues.

“He said he didn’t want to do this until a second ago.”

“If you make a team, there is always someone who takes care of these things.”

“That is his character.”

Wasn’t Baek Cheon someone who was one of the most dedicated? And if such a person spoke out in front of so many, everyone would feel their attention moving to him.

Baek Cheon was about to start.

“Get out of my way!”

“Move for a second!”

“Ah! Someone keeps pushing… ah sorry!”

For a moment, there was a commotion, and then a group of people pushed all the way to the front.

Chung Myung’s eyes shone.

They were the people who came to warn Wei Lishan yesterday.

“What are you doing here!”

The man in the forefront shouted.

However, before he could finish,

“West Moon Gate Leader”

“I am Hyun Young of Mount Hua. We didn’t say much when you came to our Gate yesterday, but this is a Mount Hua event. Can I take this as you wanting to interfere with an event of Mount Hua?”

The man went silent.

Come to think of it, all those who came out with swords here were disciples from Mount Hua.

They could fight Huayoung Gate but not Mount Hua.

They weren’t people who didn’t know the strength of Mount Hua.

“Well, it is good you came. Let’s check out the sword of Mount Hua while we are here. Baek Cheon.”

Baek Cheon looked at the people who had gone dumb and said,

“It is embarrassing to do this in front of Gate Leaders, but…”

“I will show you that our sword isn’t embarrassing.”

Baek Cheon, with his shoulders wide, drew his sword.

With a proud face and sword in hand, like a painting,

Those who watched him looked at him with eyes of admiration,

Chung Myung watched the scene from behind and shook his head.

This was another of this man’s character traits.

At this point, it had to be called a disease.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.