Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Can we leave this alone?”

“… what do you want to do?”

Nam Ja-Myung’s face contorted.

As he thought, they wanted to gain a name for themselves. Be it their swordsmanship or something else, the fact that Mount Hua wanted to do this in the middle of Xi’an had a meaning behind it.

But there was no way to stop this.

As a sub-sect from Southern Edge, it wouldn’t be a great risk to target the sub-sect of Mount Hua. After all, Mount Hua had a name to protect and couldn’t keep helping out its’ sub-sects. As long as they did not directly confront them, these people couldn’t do anything.

But this was an event hosted by Mount Hua.

He knew this was a trick, but as long as the people who were the disciples of Mount Hua had stepped forward, and their elders spoke out, the Southern Edge sub-sects couldn’t do much.

‘Damn. If only Southern Edge hadn’t closed its doors.’

Then such a thing wouldn’t have happened in Xi’an!

“Still, wouldn’t it be better to stop them?”

Hearing someone ask that question, he responded with clear irritation in his voice,

“How great would the sword of Mount Hua be? Those who have seen the sword of Southern Edge will always be curious. It would be even nicer since the recent news of us being below them!”

He looked at the disciple of Mount Hua, a man he recognized.

‘Righteous Sword of Hua?’

That title was the thing he had heard countless times.

The person who defeated Jin Geum-Ryong, who was expected to be the next sect leader, was the one who had made their future fall to the ground.

He might be superior to his peers, but how good was he if he had dropped out?

But looking at Baek Cheon with his chin raised, he couldn’t deny the man was handsome. Nam Ja-Myung bit his lip, annoyed, and pulled up his sleeves.

When Baek Cheon shouted loud and clear, the disciples of Mount Hua drew their swords at once.

The most synchronized movement as if one person was doing it. How much had the disciples from Mount Hua trained for this? This clearly was a simple movement.

And the response from the crowd came back immediately.

Even those who were not familiar with martial arts were shocked at their coordinated movements.

The disciples of Mount Hua formed behind Baek Cheon, who was standing in the front.

“Equilibrium of Six!”

At that command, all the disciples began to execute the Equilibrium of the Six Swords.

“Haha. Seems like we are seeing something great.”

The appearance of Baek Cheon, with a thin white robe around his forehead and determination in his eyes, made the people nod their heads.

“Is it because he is the Righteous Sword of Mount Hua?”

“He is the great disciple of Mount Hua’s Baek disciples.”

“Ah, then, one day, he will be the sect leader.”

Curious eyes and anticipation.

All of that was accepted by everybody…

And soon Baek Cheon shouted,

The disciples of Mount Hua stepped forward in unison and swung their swords.

Although this was only meant to show off their sword, there was no such thing as minimal effort on Mount Hua. As if training, their swords exuded a fierce force that pushed everything away.

The sudden wind which blew from them made the people retreat back.

Yet, even in the midst of that, the disciples of Mount Hua continued to swing their swords without faltering. It was a scene that would make anyone shocked.

“Rising talent is always unparalleled.”

“This is why Southern Edge had ended up falling behind.”

“Well, isn’t this the perfect demonstration of dedication?”

The sword, which was moving perfectly in match with the others, made the group excited.

The wind pressure from the slashing motion of the sword made the hair of the crowd soar high, making the crowd roar with thunderous cheers.

Nam Ja-Myung couldn’t hide his shock and looked around.

‘What is so great about this?’

It was just a basic sword technique, and it wasn’t something to make a fuss about.

However, contrary to his thoughts, most of the people watching this were enthusiastic.

Nam Ja-Myung couldn’t understand it.

‘These fools… what the hell do they know to make a fuss about this!’

And Chung Myung, who was watching this from afar, giggled and smiled.

‘It must be hard to understand.’

The great thing here wasn’t the sword technique.

Actually, the sword meant nothing here. Those who have gathered here were now ready to be surprised even by an axe in the hand of Mount Hua’s disciples.

It was quite obvious. Where else in the world could they see famous disciples demonstrating their training?

In the first place, people didn’t get to see such things at all, be it from the disciples of Mount Hua or someone else.

Since this was a local area they must have gotten a peek at the Southern Edge’s sword at least once, but most of the people had never had a proper chance to see the sword techniques of any of the Nine Great Sects.

Moreover, has any sect that rose to prominence ever demonstrated their sword technique to a random group of individuals?

So seeing the now-famous Mount Hua come up and do this was a rare experience for anyone.

Which brought in an enthusiastic response.

‘If we show them our proper technique now, it is all done.’

Southern Edge can do that too?

Then open your gates and come over.

Chung Myung smiled bitterly.

At that moment, their first demonstration had ended. And as planned in advance, the Twenty-Four Movement Plum Blossom Sword technique was started.

They had to avoid dragging this out for too long in order to maintain the intensity.

They had a decent grasp of the people’s attention now, and moving on to the main act now was the proper move.

At the direction of Baek Cheon, plum blossoms began to bloom from the swords of the Mount Hua disciples.

Everyone looked at the plum blossoms with shock. The sword qi hung from the tip of their swords, making the plum blossoms bloom.

Of course, unlike Baek Cheon standing ahead, the ones behind couldn’t fully bloom them. But did that matter?

In front of them were people who could make plum blossoms bloom.

“Falling Plum Succession!”

Driven by that momentum, Baek Cheon began to show off even more splendid blossoms.

In terms of splendor, was there any sword that could rival Mount Hua’s?

But whether they were talented or not, no one could dazzle people like the plum blossoms of Mount Hua. Even someone who knew nothing would be able to recognize how bold it was.

“I-It is so different from Southern Edge sect’s sword?”

“This is why Mount Hua has been doing well recently. It is my first time seeing such a sword technique. What kind of sword technique is this?”

Just in time, someone in the crowd shouted,

“Twenty-Four Movement Plum Blossom Sword!”

“At Shaolin, this was the technique that had swept away all their opponents! Truly unparalleled!”

“Even the Nine great Sects were confused by this.”

There were so many speaking that it was difficult to tell who was saying what.

The disciples of Huayoung Gate, who were doing their duties among the crowd, glanced at Chung Myung, who nodded at them.

Eh.In a place like this, it was exciting to have people speak up and add to the lively atmosphere of the place.

Scam! What do you see the people as?

But be it a scam or not, the effect was great.

The spar, the Nine Great Sects, and now the Twenty-Four Movement Plum Blossom sword technique.

Simple words which were perfectly suited to snag someone’s attention. In addition to the sword technique and perfect presentation, the people admired the breakless movement.

“So this is Mount Hua?”

Unexpected supportive statements came up.

“Tch tch.Mount Hua only collapsed because of those demons. In the past, the Southern Edge couldn’t even touch its’ toe!”

“Ehhhh! What do the young people know these days!”

“Southern Edge?Uhahaha.I should bring up that old story again. I don’t know if you have heard of the Plum Blossom Sword Saint, but he…”

The gray-haired men were excited as they spoke of old stories. Even those who would normally avoid such things were listening to it.

At this festival-like scene, Baek Cheon drew it everyone’s attention to him.

“Fully Bloomed Plum Blossoms!”

The plum blossoms of Mount Hua were in full bloom.

Everyone who came here, even the sub-sect leaders, were mesmerized by this. Plum blossoms in the middle of Xi’an.

It was like an old tree that dried up and had begun to leaf again.

Baek Cheon slowly retrieved his sword and pushed it into its sheath as he looked around.

Even though there were many people around, the place went silent.

Someone screamed and began to clap their hands, and the others followed suit.

“Woahhhhh! That was amazing!”

“As expected of Mount Hua!”

“As expected, they have exceptional skills! Completely different from Southern Edge!”

Pouring applause came roaring in.

On the other hand, the face of Nam Ja-Myung was black.

He wanted to say something now. Wanted to shout that this was nothing.

But anyway, he was a warrior and seeing that sword with his own eyes, the words couldn’t leave his mouth.

‘This isn’t a good situation to speak.’

No matter how many flaws he wanted to point out, the people swayed by their eyes would not believe him. Even if only for a while, it would be better to keep his mouth shut.

Unfortunately for him, there was someone in Mount Hua who wouldn’t let this pass.

Chung Myung, who had been observing the situation without participating, jumped forward.

And standing in front of Baek Cheon, he spoke loudly,

“The plum blossoms you saw can be learned if you join the newly opened Huayoung Gate.”

Of course, the sword technique given was just a version of the Seven Plum Sword, but…

‘Plum blossoms can bloom even with that.’

I didn’t lie! I didn’t!

Seeing their gazes on him, Chung Myung said.

“Those who start up in Huayoung Gate now will be exempted from the monthly fee for three months!”

And he stomped his foot.

“Free! Free for three months! Try it first, and if it doesn’t suit you, you can quit without paying!”

Who wouldn’t be tempted by the word free?

However, some people would be captivated by the sword they saw in person and would try to persuade others. The word ‘free’ would be an even bigger draw.

Chung Myung grabbed Baek Cheon and pulled him forward.

“The new recruits will be able to be around the Righteous Sword of Mount Hua! They will be taught by Disciple Baek Cheon!”

“The disciple from the main sect teaching directly?”

This wasn’t a lie either.

‘Fame is meant to be used in the right manner.’

At least in Xi’an, the name Baek Cheon had more meaning than Mount Hua’s sect leader.

So one could do such things now. And some shouted,

“But who are you? How can we believe that?”

Chung Myung grinned, scratching his head.

“I am Mount Hua’s third-class disciple Chung Myung.”

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon?”

“That person is him!?”

Louder cheers began to arise.

Even Chung Myung took a step back at their heated reaction.

“W-What. Why do you all like me so much?”

“… because you are Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.”

Baek Cheon chimed in.

What the hell did this guy think of himself?

The actual winner of the competition. Chung Myung was already called the best warrior of the future.

Even if Baek Cheon defeated Jin Geum-Ryong, would he be able to beat the fame of Chung Myung?

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon came directly?”

“Then will Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon also guide them?”

“Oh my! The two of them were here?”

More and more explosions of excitement.

“How do we enter Huayoung Gate?”

Chung Myung grinned, looking a bit embarrassed.

Those who were excited couldn’t be stopped by any simple words.

“What are you doing? Accept our people!”

The disciples of Huayoung had gotten too good at writing things down in an orderly manner after handling the gambling table in Shaolin.

In an instant, a few tables were set up with books and ink pens placed.

“I can help the next!”

As soon as those words fell, people moved, and the ones wanting to join rushed in.

“Me first! Take my son!”

“Ah, not you! Get out of my way! I should be the first!”

“Get out of the way! I want to start too!”

As the crowd gathered, the leaders of the Southern Edge sub-sects were shocked, and seeing Chung Myung smile triumphantly, Nam Ja-Myung couldn’t stand it.

“… such mannerless people! How can they head so far into a place of another sect!”

A look of disappointment appeared on his face, but Chung Myung smiled.

“….w-what did you say?”

“It is a problem if we don’t do it, and a problem if we do it? Isn’t it better to just give up if the people themselves want this?”

He went silent and Chung Myung chuckled.

“If you feel uncomfortable with this, ask Southern Edge to do something for you too.”

Ah, they closed their gates?

Well, what do you want me to do about that?

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.