Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Chung Myung looked extremely happy watching the kids practice.

But the other disciples from Mount Hua had anxiousness written all over their faces.

“When the disciples entered, I thought he would roll them on the ground right then and there, but isn’t he being too quiet now?”

“… when you put it that way.”

Baek Cheon frowned like he didn’t understand,

“There is no way he is going to treat them carefully just because they are kids. He is the devil.”

Contrary to their concerns, however, Chung Myung was currently in a calm state.

Watching these kids, who had not yet even fully grown, clench their fists made him feel proud.

Then why was I not like that with the sahyungs from the past?

‘They never taught me.’

And nephews were always better than sons. And because I haven’t raised a nephew yet, they look pretty.

How cute and adorable were these little disciples who sweat without making me teach them?

“Now, extend your hands a little more.”

“Right! Right! You are good.”

“Don’t cry! You cannot be a strong man if you cry!”

Watching the gate leader lead the children, Chung Myung wanted to applaud the man.

Unsurprisingly, the disciples of Huayoung Gate were treating the children right.

Well, how many years had they been operating as a gate leader in Nanyang?

How to earn even a penny more by catching one more child. The experience of making the desperate effort not to miss a single child was being highlighted here.

“There are those who are useless to everyone.”

When Chung Myung glared at them, the disciples of Mount Hua turned their heads away.

“How the hell can we make a fuss to kids who might go home crying before even a day has finished?”

“… it looks lively.”

Seeing Chung Myung screaming and nagging them, the disciples of Mount Hua pouted.

‘Who do you think we learned from!’

Unfortunately, it would hurt the standards of Mount Hua to treat the young kids in the same way.

“Enough. What do you want me to do?”

Chung Myung caught a glimpse of the disciples of Mount Hua and looked back at the kids who raised their small hands with gentle faces.

‘It is all about money.’

Chung Myung’s smile brightened.

They were different from the main sect disciples, who earned money after being trained. These kids were precious, precious enough to earn them money while still learning martial arts.

And the money which was paid to the sub-sect would make its way back in this process, and a beautiful system that shined throughout this world would begin to function.

So how could they not be cute?

Watching these kids clench their fists like little chicks, and even if they don’t learn anything, Chung Myung felt like he wouldn’t hate them.

In the end, Chung Myung laughed out loud.

“This is just the start.”

First, with Huayoung Gate as their center, a sub-sect was firmly established in Xi’an. And with this, they could gradually increase the number of sub-sects around Shaanxi.

“From Xi’an to Shaanxi! From Xi’an to Shaanxi!”

When all of that was done then, Mount Hua could be confident that it would regain its former influence.

“We are going to make hella money!Hehehe!”

Chung Myung laughed out loud. But, as always, things didn’t go the way one wanted them to.

‘… why does it look a bit empty, though?’

Chung Myung looked at the children who were learning with suspicious eyes.

It was just three days since the children began to train, but it already felt like the number was decreasing.

“W-why are there fewer kids?”

At Chung Myung’s question, the Gate Leader smiled awkwardly,

“The initial motivation never lasts over ten days. After ten days, the number of kids will also decrease.”

“… but this is still the third day?”

“It is unfortunate, but we have to acknowledge this. I am happy if half of these kids stay.”

Chung Myung turned his head with a shocked face.

‘Then you want to give me half of my half of money?’

“N-No. Then my money…”

Mount Hua’s money was never his from the beginning, but right now, his mind didn’t care about that little detail.

Two of the training children ran to where Chung Myung and the gate leader were,

“Uh, excuse me, Leader.”

As they looked at the kids wondering what it was, the children spoke,

“That… when do we learn to make flowers from our sword?”

The Gate leader smiled,

“Haha.It sounds like you want to bring out your plum blossoms. But it is too early for that. You will need to swing your sword continuously for the next ten years to draw out your plum blossoms.”

“Yes! Just work hard for ten years, and you can do it!”

“Ah. It was tough. Let’s go home.”

The gate leader and Chung Myung couldn’t stop them and watched them leave with blank faces.

“… why did more kids drop out again?”

“This is no battlefield for people to simply vanish after sleeping.”

Even on the battlefield, where morale was hard to sustain and desertion frequent at night, the number wouldn’t drop this drastically.

“Gate Leader. How did this happen?”

“… even if you ask me…”

Looking at the people around, Jo Gul smiled.

“It seems like they did not know why they have to try hard.”

“If you think about it, it is natural for the children who came here not to be interested in martial arts at all.”

“Because those interested in it must have already joined Southern Edge and its sub-sects?”

Uh? I didn’t think of that.

Jo Gul nodded his head,

“Right. So, it means that the kids who started here are not interested in training at all. They were forcibly pushed into it by their parents or because the flowers seemed pretty yesterday…”

After letting that sink in, he pointed to the kids.

“We keep teaching them how to punch, so the kids aren’t interested.”

“Then, if we teach with swords?”

“Still, it will be the same.”

Baek Cheon answered with a heavy expression.

“I know how Mount Hua works, but there is no reason to go to another place after what they saw. It is a sword that they can learn in Southern Edge too.”

“B-But the sword is different…”

Yoon Jong continued,

“First of all, children at that age tend to prefer showy techniques and enjoy learning them with their friends rather than being isolated and studying various sword techniques.”

Having asked that question, Chung Myung was wide-eyed, and Yoon Jong closed his eyes.

In the first place, this guy didn’t understand people who lived normal lives.

“Let’s get this sorted.”

Baek Cheon spoke firmly,

“Showing the plum blossom sword technique or reducing the number of teaching methods can create a sparkling effect, but there is no way to reach those who have already started to learn martial arts.”

“Because our opponent is Southern Edge which is a part of the Nine Great Sects, and we aren’t.”

“Besides, half the people in Xi’an are close to Southern Edge.”

Chung Myung growled,

“Don’t keep telling me what is obvious. What are some countermeasures?”

“… there is nothing we can do…”

Chung Myung, unable to hold his anger, kicked Jo Gul!

“There is no end to telling what is lacking!”

“Calm down, Chung Myung!”

Baek Cheon quickly stopped him.

“The number of students has decreased a bit, but it isn’t huge, and if we gradually increase our numbers…”

“When! If this continues, the next sub-sect will be opened when I have white hair! And Soheng will be long dead before that!”

Chung Myung grunted and added with a sullen face,

“So, you mean we have to show that we are different from Southern Edge?”

“Then, can’t we just go ahead and break all the heads of the sub-sect leaders?”

“… as a disciple of the main sect, it makes no sense to do that. To wake up and break the heads of Southern Edge is be… no, Southern Edge has closed their doors.”

“Ah, why are you making this fussier!”

You really liked it when they informed us they had shut their doors.

This ignorant bastard!

Baek Cheon gulped back his words; he couldn’t bear the consequences of speaking.

Chung Myung held his hair as he fell into thoughts.

“Difference… the difference. Something better than Southern Edge… no, there is nothing else other than being swift.”

And suddenly, he shouted, unable to control his anger.

“Those who don’t even come out! Fuck those who don’t come out! They wouldn’t come at any price! Anyway, fucking no guts bastards! I will do it.”

Chung Myung, whose anger had been extinguished again, let out a sigh. Being angry didn’t mean you would think any better.

Even if the world were clear, a solution would never pop right into the mind.

‘I did as much as I could in the name of Mount Hua.’

And both Southern Edge and Mount Hua used swords.

This meant that showing a clear difference would be difficult over such a short period of time. Rather, if Southern Edge hadn’t closed their doors, maybe he could have chased after them and shown the difference in power.

Chung Myung had to be careful of what faces he showed, especially with his fame rising. But sometimes, the only way to prove something was to torment a child when their parent was away.

Wouldn’t that be a hindrance if they gathered people up?

“Ouch. My head hurts!”

“And as I said, I’d rather us teach the sword quick…”

“That is not allowed.”

Chung Myung firmly refused.

“This is a central problem. Disciples of the sub-sect are basically having a tough time with swords. It means that teaching these kids how to use a sword is wrong, even if it is just to get out of the immediate problem. They need to be taught basic combat techniques first.”

“But, there is no one who wants to learn the combat techniques of Mount Hua, right?”

“Ugh. That is the problem.”

When the newly joined disciples of Huayoung Gate had yielded a little, some people might believe them and stay, but right now, they were teaching them combat techniques using sword techniques as bait.

So it was hard for them to be interested.

“We need to make this work somehow.”

But solutions never fall from the sky…

A heavy voice came from the gate.

Everyone inside looked at the gate. It felt like something was heard, but…

The eyes of all the disciples who stood there were shocked.

That one was obviously… that one!

Hair that was let down.

A body that was sky-high but evenly grounded.

Standing at the entrance, the person looked around and smiled broadly, stopping at Chung Myung.

“Amitabha! Generous man! You are here! I am Hae Yeon! Do you remember me?”

Chung Myung looked visibly confused at the guy who came for him. And feeling a little (very) lost, he opened his mouth,

Rubbing his eyes a couple of times, he smiled at how absurd this was.

“Hu… huhu.What just came rolling in?”

No solutions fall from the sky.

“But for it to come on its own two feet.”

This is why people should live kindly.

“Catch that bastard right now.”

Chung Myung giggled and got up,

“I found our solution!”

On the other hand, Hae Yeon felt an unknown anxiety rise within him as he looked at Chung Myung, who was smiling back happily.

‘Did I come at the right time?’

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.