Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The drums were pounding…

And amidst the loud drumming, the voice of Chung Myung roared.

“Shaolin combat! This is the first time it will be taught to the greater world, and right here in Xi’an! This is your last chance, and it will even be taught to you by the man who won the Wordly Martial Competition!”

People began to raise their voices in response to the announcement.

“Opportunities like this will never arrive again in this lifetime! If you enter Huayoung Gate you can seize this chance right now!”

“Oh my, you can learn the martial arts of Shaolin!”

“We don’t have a Shaolin branch in Xi’an, right?”

“Besides, they can learn the sword of Mount Hua, too. Ah, this is really not as simple as leaving one for another!”

Their reactions were extreme.

No matter how strong Mount Hua was now, how could it be compared to Shaolin, which ruled as the lead sect for the past century?

In particular, the people who didn’t know about Kangho had a different perception of things. Shaolin was a sect that no one could ignore.

“If it is monk Hae Yeon, isn’t he the one who is projected to be the next abbot of Shaolin?”

“Yes! Yes! I heard that he is a talented person, a talent which only descends every hundred years! And such a person will be teaching! Where in the world does one get such a luxury!”

People’s eyes began to swell with greed.

An opportunity that cannot be obtained even if one entered Shaolin. Even if they joined Shaolin, was there any way that Hae Yeon, whom the Abbot favored, would guide them directly?

They were being offered such a luxury right now.

Luxury far from Shaolin, in Xi’an? Wasn’t this the same as buying grain and a golden egg at the same time?

“I was hoping to learn combat techniques a little more!”

“Right! What are we going to do if we learn sword techniques? We don’t even carry swords! And it isn’t just any combat technique but the one that Shaolin teaches its monks! This is an opportunity that cannot be missed!”

Seeing their reaction grow larger and larger, Chung Myung smiled brightly.

Then what about Mount Hua? Southern Edge?

One could bring Mount Hua or a monkey into the shining glory of Shaolin, but where in the world would that be possible?

However, unlike Chung Myung, who was overjoyed by this, the face of Hae Yeon had turned blue in exhaustion.

“I-I don’t think this should be done. Shaolin’s martial arts can only be learned by the disciples of Shaolin. I cannot teach others at will!”

“Tch tch, look at him.”

Chung Myung clicked his tongue,

“All because you, child, was brought up on a mountain, you fell for this? Anyway, the children of prestigious sects are always a problem for being naïve.”

Chung Myung slowly approached Hae Yeon and touched his neck.

“I said you will teach Shaolin Combat Techniques, but I didn’t say what you will be teaching for combat techniques.”

“What is the basic martial art of Shaolin?”

“Right. And I didn’t say that you would be teaching the Arhat fist?”

Hae Yeon was wide-eyed and looked at Chung Myung. It wasn’t difficult to understand what he meant.

“Tch tch.Look at this human.”

Chung Myung whispered with a slightly serious face,

“You are the disciple of which sect?”

“Of course, you are a novice monk from Shaolin.”

“Right. You are a disciple of Shaolin, and the combat techniques you teach are Shaolin’s combat techniques. Even if you teach any random method that spreads out onto the streets, a Shaolin Monk taught it, so it can be called a Shaolin combat technique, right?”

‘What nonsense is this?’

Seeing Hae Yeon’s face asking that, Chung Myung smiled happily,

“So, you just teach them basic combat techniques. Get it?”

“B-But that is a scam!”

“Huh!Look at this guy! How in the world could a Taoist disciple give a novice monk advice equal to a scam?”

Hae Yeon rolled his eyes at the words from Chung Myung.

Chung Myung slightly loosened his grip around the neck of Hae Yeon and brushed his shoulder,

“Come now, smile, smile. People are watching you. Pretend to be happy.”

“You didn’t hear me? I said pretend to be happy. Smile!”

As the hand holding his shoulder clenched, Hae Yeon gave out the most awkward laugh.

And seeing this, those who didn’t notice admired the closeness of the two.

“Ah, Disciple Chung Myung and the Novice Monk look so nice, right?”

“That is amazing. The two of them faced each other during the finals, so it shouldn’t have been easy to get close to the other!”

“Really! There must be a lot of loyalty between the disciple and monk that we idiots cannot understand! People who acknowledge each other and become friends, right?”

“Exactly! It has to be that!”

An indescribably strange expression appeared on the face of Hae Yeon. And Baek Cheon, who watched this, smiled,

“He is going through so much.”

“Looks so much like he is being caught and dragged by a thug.”

They couldn’t help but pity the guy who fell into Chung Myung’s trap.

Why did you have to walk on your own two feet to this…

“No one even doubts it.”

“Who would think that Hae Yeon of Shaolin could be threatened? Of course, they think they are close.”

“This world is really…”

To those who were unaware of such things, this scene looked like best friends talking.

“Now! This isn’t the time for this!”

Chung Myung shouted,

“This isn’t a chance that comes every day. We cannot keep accepting beginners constantly, so those who want to start now should line up.”

At those words, the commotion grew louder.

“It is three months of free learning, right?”

“What are you talking about!”

Chung Myung, who had been smiling until then, suddenly said,

“That was the story yesterday! Those who enter from now on and those who recently left have to pay to join!”

“… wasn’t it free yesterday?”

“M-My child was there till two days ago. Shouldn’t you just accept him?”

“Did you people send away your conscience? You went out on your own feet and came back without thoughts of consequences and want it to be free….Ump!”

Hyun Young, who was watching this, reached out and covered Chung Myung’s mouth.

Then he slid him behind the other disciples and began to explain.

“We also put a lot of effort into inviting Novice Monk Hae Yeon, so we cannot allow free admission like yesterday. Instead, we will make sure that the money you paid isn’t wasted.”

“Um. It isn’t wrong, and we are learning from Hae Yeon. Getting it free makes no sense!”

“I am willing to pay even a thousand gold to learn! How much! How much do I pay?!”

“Me too! I will give you things, so take my child!”

Chung Myung shook off the hand of Hyun Young, which was covering his mouth.

“Soheng! Accept them now! And the payment should be in advance! Three months worth!”

“Isn’t that too much? Nine then? You want to triple the amount!”

Even though the fee was tripled, the line didn’t stop growing.

They were literally pushing their way into the line.

Chung Myung looked at the scene with a proud face.

“Three coins or whatever the shit, take my money!”

“Get out of my way! I am going to pay the tuition in advance! So make sure to take my kids in!”

“Shut it! I want to put all five of my kids in at once and pay three years’ worth!”

Money was rolling in!

Even Hyun Young and Wei Lishan didn’t know what to do either. This reaction was much more intense than when they had been working with only Mount Hua disciples.

As expected of Shaolin!

No other sect in the world could defeat Shaolin when it came to fame.

“Kuak.Who knew making money would be so easy!”

When things were about to be finished… then money came in!

I live for this taste!

Chung Myung, who was enjoying this the most, suddenly turned his eyes to the side and asked Hae Yeon,

“What are you doing?”

“People like you so much, so go out and show them some punches!”

At Chung Myung’s words, Hae Yeon’s face turned red.

Chung Myung opened his eyes wide.

“You aren’t a beggar or nothing! Why are you trying to use your mouth? You have to pay for your meal!”

Hae Yeon looked at Chung Myung, not knowing what could be done, and finally sighed.

‘This is practice. All practice.’

There was no way that Chung Myung would make him do this without a reason.

Didn’t he feel that worthiness in Chung Myung, even though the others didn’t?

‘No, is there really a reason?’

In the end, Hae Yeon, who put everything aside, stepped forward, and seeing him take his training stance, the reaction burst.

“Disciple Hae Yeon is demonstrating!”

“Oh my, to see this with my eyes!”

“What is happening here? Southern Edge hasn’t been like this for decades despite having the place to themselves. How can Mount Hua and Shaolin do this in less than ten days!”

“After Huayoung Gate came in, it got interesting! It got really fun!Uhhahaha!”

Amid those shouts, Hae Yeon moved, and the disciples of Mount Hua shook their heads.

“So this is what happens.”

“In the meantime, look at what he is doing. Learn from it too.”

Baek Cheon laughed as he listened to Yoon Jong, Jo Gul, and Yu Yiseol.

“It is ‘If I don’t go to hell, I will go to where hell is’ is this the same thing as that?”

“Anyway, the problem seems to be resolved.”

“… even bad luck is luck…”

Mount Hua’s disciples looked at Chung Myung.

“… you are solving this in the most absurd way. That venomous bastard.”

The disciples of Mount Hua sighed…

“… leader. What do we do now?”

The man’s face, who was watching the scene from afar, turned cold.

Hae Yeon, who was unfolding his techniques with a red face, and Chung Myung, who was holding his stomach, caught their eyes.

He had been through many things in his life, but this was his first time seeing such a bad thing.

“If this happens, wouldn’t it be impossible to directly push Huayoung Gate out now…?”

Nam Ja-Myung’s face contorted.

If Huayoung gate had such a name and fame, then thinking about oppressing the disciples of Mount Hua, taking advantage of the gap, or holding demonstrations under the name of Southern Edge was possible.

But Shaolin’s disciple had entered, and now it was impossible.

No matter how close they were to Southern Edge, touching the disciple of Shaolin wasn’t good.

“Those sly things! They cannot do this on their own, so they bring in Shaolin?”

“… even though he wasn’t a full monk of Shaolin, he was still Hae Yeon. Wasn’t it known that the Abbot was fond of him, and he was probably the future of Shaolin?”

“… those fucking worms.”

He was a bit upset with the people of Xi’an who cheered for Hae Yeon or Chung Myung. How much had Southern Edge done for them till now, and yet they react like this to the strangers?

“I was trying so hard to be patient!”

Nam Ja-Myung, who was seeing this looked enraged.

“If they cannot understand words, then we should let them know with our bodies! How gentle have we been to them!”

“Will you fight Huayoun Gate?”

“What insane words! How can we handle the aftermath of touching Mount Hua and Shaolin!”

“It isn’t Huayoung we should hit.”

Their gaze turned to the people who cheered.

“We need to let those who don’t know grace be hit.”

As the man’s eyes grew colder, everyone around trembled.

‘Isn’t this becoming too much?’

‘It shouldn’t be like this.’

This was already a sign.

Xi’an began to boil up like an oil barrel engorged in flames.

Without realizing the crisis which was about to come for it.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.