Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Nam Ja-Myung stared at Baek Cheon with cold eyes.

“I asked what you are doing?”

He looked at Baek Cheon and smiled,

“Look here, Young Disciple.”

“Is there any reason for me to answer that?”

At those brazen words, Baek Cheon was speechless.

Nam Ja-Myung smiled as he said,

“Haha. It is because the people of Mount Hua continue to come here. I cannot really tell when to come out and when not to.”

“Do you mean to say that someone’s ability to use unilateral force to interfere is a term for rightful qualification?”

“Would I? If you are talking about the so-called qualifications, of course, it isn’t something we can ignore.”

“Then why would you say that?”

At Baek Cheon’s words, the man smiled.

“You are still a young disciple.”

“Don’t you know that what you are saying now is as if I have committed some hidden sin?”

Baek Cheon went silent.

“I am the Gate leader of West Moon Gate, a sub-sect of Southern Edge. Is it possible for me to do such things in Xi’an?”

His eyes turned to the crescent moon as he smiled,

Nam Ja-Myung smiled, looking at the disciples of Mount Hua.

“The disciples of Mount Hua seem to be saying that I am persecuting civilians? That is disappointing.”

Baek Cheon bit his lip.

If he had responded without thinking thoughtfully, he would have given them a chance to oppose the Huayoung Gate openly.

Because it may seem like they were driving the Gate leader of West Moon Gate into a corner in broad daylight.

So he had to be careful with every word…

Baek Cheon looked back in surprise as Chung Myung slowly moved forward…

Baek Cheon desperately looked to Yoon Jong and Jo Gul, who only looked equally troubled.

‘There are eyes watching us. How do we stop him?’

‘Still, he has to be stopped!’

But before they could do anything, Nam Ja-Myung spoke,

“Oh. It is an honor to meet Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon directly. I feel like this is something I can be proud of in front of future generations?”

It was all exaggerated sarcasm. Any person would usually stiffen at those words, but Chung Myung, his reactions were different.

“Hehe. Why go that far? Making people feel all shy.”

Nam Ja-Myung looked at Chung Myung with blank eyes.

‘Do you not know what sarcasm is?’

No, it could not be.

There could be idiots who were strong. But an idiot with such strength could never exist. In order for a person to master a martial art, they needed to have a certain level of understanding.

To say that Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, who was famous for being strong, was also stupid was no different from saying that a scholar with lots of money was stupid.

‘Did he really like it?’

He looked at Chung Myung again, wondering if he didn’t understand sarcasm.

But no matter how he looked, it felt like he didn’t care. If that expression of humility and pride was all acting, then it was better for stage actors everywhere to just quit their jobs right then.

Such an incomprehensible person.

He coughed, trying to hold onto his expression.

“Right. What are you curious about, Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon?”

“Well, I am well aware that the wonderful Southern Edge’s sub-sect member cannot do anything that goes against their agreement. However, you can surely tell us what the situation now is.”

However, in spite of trying to look calm, he ended up frowning all the way to his brows.

“As I said before, is there any reason I need to explain it to you people?”

“There is no reason not to explain either”

Chung Myung shrugged,

“If we can be honest here, there is nothing you cannot say. So I don’t know why you are so against saying it. And…”

As he spoke, he glanced around; the people who had gathered little by little had begun to turn into a small crowd.

“It doesn’t seem like we are the only ones curious as to what this situation is?”

At those words, Nam Ja-Myung frowned.

The people who gathered were looking at him and the fallen person, each of them with an expression that said they had to know, and a few bad rumors had already begun to spread.

Normally he wouldn’t care about this, but things weren’t going well now. At a time like this, he couldn’t give up such a position to a disciple of Mount Hua.

Nam Ja-Myung gestured to the person who had fallen down.

“He is someone who borrowed a lot of money from the West Moon Gate.”

At those words, Baek Cheon frowned without realizing it.

He thought that there would be some huge plot, but this was too vulgar for him to even understand.

“So… you are asking for it back?”

“… that harshly? How can a person who is the leader of West Moon Gate persecute people like they belong to the back street?”

However, Nam Ja-Myung laughed, making Baek Cheon frown.

“Why are you laughing?”

There was a smirk on his face.

“How can it not be funny when people who dared to come all the way into Xi’an to earn a little money and demonstrate their sword techniques, something no prestigious sect would ever do, and talk about money in such a way?”

At those words, Baek Cheon’s face turned slightly red.

Clearly, what the guy said wasn’t wrong.

“I do not know how it will sound to the ears of the Taoist who trains in the mountains, but money is a pretty big problem for those living in our world.”

Baek Cheon bit his lip at those words.

“Well, that is right.”

But then Chung Myung interrupted Baek Cheon and said,

“But I definitely think that it is a bit extreme for a person who came to get money. Unless the Gate leader was playing around with money which is huge, then you must know him.”

“Oh. You have sharp eyes.”

Nam Ja-Myung’s eyes widened as he looked at Chung Myung.

‘He is someone who cannot be controlled.’

He looked like an idiot before, but now he was speaking cleverly. Thanks to that, he didn’t have to speak in circles.

“Of course, I know him well. And that is why I lent him the money.”

“And it seems like he hasn’t repaid the money for quite a while, seeing you come out like this.”

He shrugged his shoulders.

“It wasn’t just a while since I lent him the money, but it wasn’t so short for my patience to be cut off. I am a much kinder person than you think.”

“Why not hear from the man himself?”

Nam Ja-Myung pointed to the fallen man.

Yu Yiseol suddenly took the side of the fallen man and supported him, but the man still dropped like he was unconscious.

At that moment, shock and exclamations broke out.

Yoon Jong’s face contorted.

“… the one who brought his child to Huayoung Gate.”

Chung Myung and Baek Cheon went stiff.

It was clear what was happening. Baek Cheon glared at the man, who just chuckled softly.

“Why? You want to blame me?”

Nam Ja-Myung shook his head.

“Look. I am not thick-headed. And I lent him money and grain, didn’t I?”

“It is this man who broke our pact first.”

His eyes turned cold.

“To put disgrace on the Southern Edge sect and let his son enter a sub-sect of Mount Hua. Even animals know grace. Aren’t these man’s actions worse than that of animals?”

Yoon Jong bit his lip.

“So, how much money did he borrow?”

“Oh, is Mount Hua going to pay it back?”

Nam Ja-Myung thought it was funny.

“Fine. That isn’t bad either. But is that fine?”

His creepy voice said,

“How many more people are there in Xi’an who have done the same thing?”

“And how many more benefited from the Southern Edge Sect and its sub-sects? I heard that Mount Hua recently got money, but can it afford all this?”

“As the head of the Gates in Xi’an and on behalf of Southern Edge, I intend to collect on our debts.”

“What do you mean by in this way?”

At the shameless words, Baek Cheon felt horrible.

“If there is a financial problem, it is right to bring in the officials to solve it. How can a person who leads Southern Edge’s sub-sect resolve matters in such a manner?”

“Hahaha. That is why I said that you are from the mountains…”

“… what did you just say?”

Nam Ja-Myung looked at Baek Cheon as if he was pathetic.

“Do you think it will end like this if they are taken to the officials?”

“The moment they are taken to the officials, then they will come to harass and take possessions. It seems like you have read about many martial arts but not enough about the world. The world isn’t so easy.”

He glanced up and down.

“If I am wrong, the man will run to the officials once he wakes up. But think again. Would this man go?”

Baek Cheon was furious enough to fight, but Chung Myung stopped him.

In a voice filled with anger, Baek Cheon called for Chung Myung, but instead of backing away, Chung Myung smiled as he said,

“Do you think you can stop Huayoung gate like this?”

“Well, one can never know.”

Nam Ja-Myung chuckled,

“And don’t get me wrong. I am not doing anything to block the path of Huayoung Gate. I am just talking about the morals of the people.”

“Morals of the people.”

Chung Myung narrowed his eyes.

“I don’t think that is something that should come out of a person who does this.”

“Hehe.That is your opinion. I have a different idea.”

“I don’t need to talk much. In the first place, we are not close enough to even talk to each other.”

Nam Ja-Myung waved his hand like he didn’t want to talk and looked at the man who barely came to his senses.

“Joo Tae. I won’t say much, but make sure to pay back the money borrowed by tomorrow.”

“… L-Leader… please…”

“I will not say it twice.”

The man called Joo Tae was begging despite his body being limp, but Nam Ja-Myung was looking down at him coldly.

And he said to Chung Myung,

“I hope that Huayoung Gate prospers. I am being sincere.”

With that last word, he chuckled and turned around.

The disciples of West Moon Gate, who were waiting, escorted the man closely. As they began to walk, they were walking straight as if they had achieved something.

Baek Cheon bit his lip.

“… look at those acts.”

Jo Gul approached him with a worried face as he said,

“This isn’t normal.”

Everyone looked suspiciously at their reaction, and he sighed as he continued,

“People are normally afraid of warriors. Yet, there was only one reason they lived with them. It is because they have a belief that the disciples of a prestigious sect would never strike them first, especially ordinary people, without a reason.”

“But now, the Southern Edge sect has crossed the line. If this happens, then the people of Xi’an will be terrified. Normally when such things happen, the main sect would handle them, but now Southern Edge has closed itself off.”

This was definitely not a common situation.

The most annoying thing was that money was involved now. If something happened through force, it could be solved by force. However, a problem with money can never be solved with force.

‘We will have to discuss it with Elder.’

Baek Cheon, who made up his mind, looked at Chung Myung.

‘But… he was strangely patient today.’

Normally, his sword would have already been in the guy’s throat halfway before all this happened, but today, he didn’t even talk much.

“Chung Myung. What are…”

“Sasuk, take the kids and go. I have a place to stop by.”

“Where are you going?”

“Clothes shopping. I need to stop there.”

“A clothes shop? Why suddenly…?”

Chung Myung didn’t even answer and moved, and Baek Cheon’s face turned blue in an instant.

“Yah! Get that one!”

At his cry, the disciples of Mount Hua attacked Chung Myung without question, and Chung Myung began to struggle,

“No! Wait! I said a clothing store! Why are you doing this!”

“You are trying to get those black clothes again! No, you jerk! This isn’t something to be solved like that!”

“Is there another way to solve this?! Just let go of me! When the person causing the problem disappears, the problem goes away too!”

“Ah well, that can definitely not happen!”

Baek Cheon rushed to Chung Myung and grabbed him,

“If that man collapses now, who will people suspect? No! No! This is a no! Monk Hae Yeon! Don’t just watch, help us!”

Hae Yeon, who was standing still, didn’t even know what was happening and rushed to press him down.

“Calm down! Calm down!”

Chung Myung growled like a beast as he glared at Nam Ja-Myung, who was already out of sight.

“Right. Let’s try it out once.”

Let’s see this out till the end.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.