Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Nam Ja-Myung watched the scene in front of him with trembling eyes.

‘What the hell happened within one day?’

Righteous Gate had been shattered to the ground.

The disciples there had to be moved to the infirmary, and the buildings and the dining area had all been destroyed.

Unless this was a robbery…

‘No, this was no robbery.’

He bit his lip. Jo Hobang, the Gate Leader, was still unconscious.

Yu Hae-Sang, who was the first to be informed of this news, had no idea what to do.

“What am I supposed to do?”

A rhetorical question hoping for an answer, but none were received.

‘Thousand People Clan.’

His spine went cold.

He knew for a long time that people had been aiming for Xi’an. But he never once thought that they would make such a sudden move. This was too bold.

“Arent we supposed to make some countermeasures?”

Nam Ja-Myung nodded his head, but contrary to that action, he couldn’t think of anything. He couldn’t think of anything else.

‘Why did they suddenly come?’

What kind of place was the Thousand People Clan?

They were a member of the Shinzou Five Sects.

If the Justice side had the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families, then the Forces of Evil had a five of their own. The Shinzou Five Sects could be compared to the Nine Great Sects.

What were they supposed to do when one of the sects from their side had been sent in to attack?

“Gate Leader, what…”

“Gather all the leaders from our side right now!”

Yu Hae-Sang vanished right away, and Nam Ja-Myung mumbled in despair, watching Jo Hobang, who was still unconscious.

But no one answered him.

“What is this about?”

The gate leaders from all the Southern Edge-aligned sub-sects had gathered here.

Most of their expressions were gloomy. Considering the expressions they had on their faces when they came to Huayoung Gate, they all looked like different people.

“… no one will come forward.”

“It is as if they were abused by robbers, and no one is coming forward!”

“… isn’t this how it always works?”

Dong Bang-Hwi of the Justice Sword Gate sighed.

“Besides, those people are known to be clever. They completely smashed the place without even killing a single person. Besides, when the riot started, not a single of us caused damage to them. It doesn’t even seem like there was a fight.”

“Wouldn’t it be the Thousand People Clan who should be scared of this?”

“… Gate Leader. I think you should hide your feelings.”

Nam Ja-Myung coughed.

No matter how upset one was, they couldn’t be saying such things right now.

“I got a little excited.”

As soon as he acknowledged it, Dong Bang-Hwi sighed.

“We cannot talk or reason with them, so we need to meet them in person… for now, we did make a request to the officials, but we haven’t been responded to yet…”

Nam Ja-Myung narrowed his eyes.

This was frustrating and irritating, but no one could be blamed.

What happened in Murim had to be dealt with by Murim.

That was the rule for sects.

The officials would never intervene unless a civilian was touched. Even if all the Southern Edge sub-sects were smashed to pieces.

“So where are these evil people now?”

“We were told they left Xi‘an the moment day dawned. Maybe…”

“They will come back at night…”

Nam Ja-Myung touched his face and began to run with the idea.

‘Damn it. If only Southern Edge hadn’t closed their gate!’

Although it was said that the Thousand People Clan was strong, the Southern Edge also had its strengths. If Southern Edge hadn’t closed its gate, no one would have dared to enter Xi’an.

“What happened to the one sent to Southern Edge?”

“He came back… but they didn’t open their gate.”

“They didn’t open their gates even in such a situation?”

“Gate Leader Nam… as you know, the main sect will not easily come out as this isn’t a situation which can be solved right away. And this isn’t something that works with just will, and even Southern Edge has decided to concentrate on bettering itself now. Isn’t the primary principle of a sect that has closed its gate not to involve itself in any aspect of the outside world?”

“Principles! Rules! Everyone here is dying because of that. What rules are those!”

In the end, Nam Ja-Myung couldn’t hold back his anger and pounded the table.

The teacups had tilted over, but no one blamed him as they were all having a hard time.

“Then, you mean there is no way to end this calmly?”

“… what should we do? We have no choice but to unite and fight.”

“Huh? Then what do you plan to do? Leave Xi’an?”

The gate leaders began to fight amongst themselves.

“Why do the people in Xi’an get preferential treatment? It is because they are trusted. And if we move back because the Forces of Evil are attacking us, how can we show our faces here?”

“But those from the Forces of Evil are not touching people!”

“They are known to be evil for a reason. They aren’t touching them now, but who knows when they will?”

“Then you want us to all sit like this?”

“It is a lot better than running away!”

“Then, Gate Leader can stay here, ’cause I want to live!”

As words were going back and forth, Nam Ja-Myung buried his face in his hands.

Normally, they acted all noble, but as soon as a crisis came overhead, everyone turned their backs.

There was no point in blaming them. After all, some people could only relax when things were in their control.

Even kings who command people become exhausted and decide to run when their enemies are in front of their castle gates, right?

“You are… seriously!”

“You! You referred to me as you?”

“You have not forgotten that I am your sahyung, right?”

“Damn it, since when did you start being so serious about what I call you?”

“Just because I am listening, you are crossing the line!”

It felt like they would pull out their swords any time now. Nam Ja-Myung, who watched the two of them raising their voices, struck the table again.

The table, which was made of sturdy rosewood, split in two.

The people arguing went silent and looked at him.

“You keep showing me your ugly side.”

“… I apologize, Gate Leader.”

As soon as they all went silent, Nam Ja-Myung pressed his temples.

Red Snake Blade Yeop Pyung,

A name they had heard several times. He was known as a warrior who used a blade, and he was known to be quite skilled.

In the first place, people say his skill and strength could be guesstimated by the group which followed him.

Even in Southern Edge, he would be able to deal with some elders on his own.

How the heck were they supposed to stop them?

‘They will come back at night.’

Just as he groaned, unable to find an answer…

Someone’s voice pierced his ears, and he turned his head.

“… what did you just say?”

Confused at the unexpected words, he asked the reason for calling out that specific name.

“… Mount Hua Sect, how about asking them for help?”

To their surprise, the most humble words came out, making Nam Ja-Myung glance at the person who mentioned them with shock and bewilderment.

It was Dan Byungip, a gate leader whose face was blushed. As usual, he was a bit of a weak person who spoke so gently.

“To be honest, if Southern Edge will not open their gate, it will be difficult to stop the enemy with our strength alone.”

“At the moment, there are disciples of Mount Hua here, and then there are the disciples of Huayoung Gate. And don’t we also have Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon and the Righteous Sword of Mount Hua here?”

Right. The Righteous Sword of Mount Hua was here, but if it were Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, then he would must surely not be behind the first-class disciples of Southern Edge.

And maybe he could deal with Yeop Pyung.

‘Red Snake Group is surely strong, but the biggest problem is that there is no one to deal with their captain.’

“The influence exerted by the warriors who are captains is beyond imagination. If it weren’t for Yeop Pyung, then these sub-sects could handle any number of troops…” said Dan Byungip, who had little force in his voice.

“So why not ask Mount Hua for help?”

“You really mean it?”

But before Nam Ja-Myung could even answer, Yu Hae-Sang spoke out,

“People should at least know shame! How could we go and ask those people for help!”

“… but the situation…”

Yu Hae-Sang’s face contorted.

“We have done nothing good to them! And you think we should now bow to them!”

“No. No. We do not have to think so negatively.”

Dan Byungip wiped his sweat away with a cloth and smiled awkwardly.

“Whatever it is, aren’t they a prestigious sect?”

“It is Mount Hua. No matter how bad the relationship between us is, they cannot deny that we are sects that walk on the path of justice.”

“People claim that the Forces of Justice were attacked, so they cannot simply watch it happen. Of course, given the situation, they might not want to hold our hand… but if we bow our heads first, won’t they at least aide us?”

Nam Ja-Myung frowned at this.

“Do you really think they will help?”

“Of course. Their reason for helping will be something else.”

“Does the Thousand People Clan want just Southern Edge?”

Dan Byungip spoke with a firmer tone.

“If they are really targeting Xi’an, it will not end with them re-arranging our fellow sub-sects. Of course, their next goal will be Huayoung Gate.”

“So Mount Hua or Huayoung Gate must join hands with us. Otherwise, will they fight this enemy alone?”

“That is too reckless and stupid to do. Even if they can win, there is no person in their right mind who would choose such a difficult path.”

Nam Ja-Myung nodded his head.

He didn’t want to bow his head to them, but…

‘They are a shield which can be used.’

They are disgusting to be with but most reliable as allies, right?

“Gate Leader Nam? You really think so?”

Nam Ja-Myung had a sly smile,

“Surely, it will hurt our pride, but if we can take advantage of this by lowering our heads there is no reason not to.”

“Umm, that is right.”

Nam Ja-Myung waved his hand as if there was nothing more he wanted to say.

“I will handle bringing in Mount Hua, so check with the other sub-sects, and Gate Leader Dan.”

There was no need to delay any further. He left immediately.

After walking for a few minutes, he asked,

“Will Mount Hua help us?”

“They cannot help but help us.”

“Why? What you said cannot be all, right?”

“Because they are an orthodox sect.”

Dan Byungip smiled at Nam Ja-Myung, who frowned.

“That might be too obvious to listen to, but it contains a lot of things. If those who claim to the on the path of justice act as bystanders as something horrible happens, what will the people of Xi’an think?”

Nam Ja-Myung nodded his head.

“Of course, we will hear them hating us, but in the end, it will work fine, and we can use them as a shield to block the enemy. Why don’t we drive them out later when the situation cools down.”

Na Ja-Myung’s lips turned to a smile.

“Then I should bow my head.”

“The lower, the better. A giant will not spare his knees when needed.”

“Haha.Then I am the giant here?”

Nam Ja-Myung smiled.

But they didn’t know. Mount Hua was surely a sect walking with justice, but it wasn’t being led by the kind of people they expected it to be.

Nam Ja-Myung’s cheeks trembled.

A young man with a bottle of alcohol was lying down on the bench and giggling at them.

The young man’s expression was too vivid that he couldn’t even say anything.

“Hahahaha!These people must be joking.Hahahah!”

Looking to the side, even Dan Byungip, who was confident of Mount Hua helping them, avoided his gaze.

At that moment, the man who was drinking cried out.

“Sasuk! Bring me salt!”

“To spray on the people?”

“What nonsense is that! You should be spreading it by the entrance!”

There was Baek Cheon and then Chung Myung handling the two.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.