Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“If it is a ghost, isn’t it supposed to be dead?”

“Doesn’t that mean we will just have to kill it one more time?”

“It will be nothing.”

Yoon Jong and Jo Gul agreed strongly with Baek Cheon’s words. Perhaps this was the most reliable interpretation.

“But isn’t it amazing though? Really, it is just a ghost when we look at it from the outside.”

“Even when it is right in front of us, we cannot feel its’ presence.”

“Hahaha.Really like a ghost.”

“I see, I can see something vaguely, a presence…”

Baek Cheon, who was talking with a smile, slowly hardened his face.

“Is this a real ghost?”

And the form of the ghost began to shake with a gloomy sound.

Chung Myung tilted his head,

“… looks like they are pretending to be a ghost.”

Chung Myung was dumbfounded and stopped laughing.

“Well, we will know once we cut it. I have never heard of a ghost bleeding from being cut with a knife. If it bleeds then it is a human and if it doesn’t, then it is a ghost.”

The disciples of Mount Hua trembled at Chung Myung’s clear, horrid, confirmation method.

This bastard was scarier than ghosts.

Chung Myung rolled up his sleeves. His forearm full of veins showed how terrifying he was.

“Will you come here or do you want me to come there, catch you, and beat you up?”

At that time, a gloomy voice came from the shimmering hazy shape,

The ghost’s form began to shake again. And before long it moved back and forth, left and right, like it was trying to warm up its body to run.

Seeing that, Chung Myung spoke with a grumpy looking expression,

“If you try to run now, I will smash you.”

“Huhuhu.Let’s see that once you catch me.”

The ghost rose into the air in an instant and moved to the ceiling in the blink of an eye.

The disciples screamed at this. The ghost was moving so fast that its white body was now out of sight.

“… that was so fast?”

“I couldn’t even see it.”

“I have never seen anything move so fast.”

Everyone stared blankly at the hole in the ceiling.

Chung Myung too nodded his head in admiration.

And as soon as he said that, he earnestly mumbled.

“I see that he is fast, but it seems like his brain has taken a lot of damage.”

Chung Myung looked at Jo Gul and didn’t even pay attention to the ghost.

Chung Myung’s eyes turned to the floor where the ghost was digging something and smiled,

“He pretended to be a ghost to gain something that is hidden here?”

Could it be treasure?

Each time a shovel dug some soil up, a sloppy laugh would flow out from the mouth of Chung Myung.

When people are in a good mood they usually work with more excitement. In particular, if they were going to achieve something for sure, wouldn’t they even dance while working?

No complaints about the work.

But the problem was… it wasn’t Chung Myung who was shoveling, but the others.

“How far should we dig?”

At Jo Gul’s question, Chung Myung frowned,

“When we destroyed the manor before, we dug a lot, right?”

“If it didn’t come up then, it means that it has to be below that level, so continue to dig, just dig until something comes out!”

There was no other bastard as selfish as…

Everyone was glaring at him with vicious eyes, but he continued to smile.

“Their footwork was so fast.Hehehe.”

At this level, the ghost had to be considered one of the best at it.

Of course, light footwork wasn’t always a necessary skill. However, when one was like that ghost, then one could make a lot of money, if one set their mind to it.

“It was like some super fast carriage! Delivery possible within ten days all throughout the central plains! How much does it cost to take and move only high rankings officials!? Oh my god!”

Perhaps an ordinary person could earn an unimaginable amount of money. But what did such a person want to do by pretending to be a ghost?

“Uhahahaha!It has to be expensive! Very expensive!”

Yoon Jong frowned, watching Chung Myung go crazy for money.

“…Sasuk. Isn’t he being too much?”

“Want me to stop him?”

“If someone who is like a leader speaks…”

“Who is the leader here?”

“Elder Hyun Young… ah I was being stupid.”

The moment they ran to Hyun Young, they would get two people laughing and asking them to work, doubling the nagging.

In that case, just one person was better.

“Do the work fast without constantly stretching! And instead of talking, move your shovel!”

The disciples of Mount Hua sighed and went back to shoveling.

And their eyes, they were filled with anger and hate. Their increased sense of awareness and minds following Chung Myung knew that this was good though.

‘There has to be something here.’

‘It has to be expensive, right?’

‘Give me meat soup and rice!’

As their investment in Huayoung Gate had increased, there was a feeling that the side dishes given to them were fewer than before. If they found something expensive here, then they would get the full amount of side dishes again!

“Dig, for now, let’s only think about digging.”

Everyone went back to using their shovels to dig. A mound of dirt rose up like a volcano that was erupting.

As if they were competing, their pace kept getting faster and faster.

“Ah!Don’t use your shovel like that! Isn’t it dangerous?! This is narrow!”

“Shouldn’t we do it quickly?!”

“Which warrior even uses sword techniques to shovel!”

It was when Yoon Jong and Jo Gul were talking and digging,

“Just how much should…”

Something touched the shovel and everyone turned their heads!

“Something is here! Something is in here!”

As soon as they said that, Chung Myung jumped in and took the shovel from Yoon Jong.

“I will do this myself.”

Baek Cheon mumbled, but Chung Myung didn’t seem to care.

“Hehehehe.Will there be ghosts or treasure here?AHHHH!So exciting!”

Chung Myung delicately poked the shovel into the ground. At first glance, it seemed like a normal relaxed movement, but it caused dirt to rise on the left and right.

“Ah! Slow! Dig slow!”

In an instant, it appeared.

“Wow. They buried a stone wall this deep? Amazing. It must have been quite difficult.”

“it must mean that this is that important.”

The eyes of Mount Hua’s disciples turned greedy.

If only the forefather of Taoism had come back, he would glare at these people and get rid of them.

Unfortunately, such things don’t happen in real life.

“But how do we open this? Is there an opening?”

“Do we just break it?”

“Ehehe.You don’t even know what is inside, so we cannot. If it is something fragile, it will break. It is better to find an opening!”

“Then let’s dig more.”

Even before Chung Myung intervened, the others jumped in to make some money.

‘They are grown-ups now.’

Ah, they grew up. Everyone was a thief… no, a Taoist.

Well! Well! It was just a different word.

Baek Cheon, Jo Gul, and Yoon Jong began to plow the area and Yu Yiseol brought a brush to move the dirt from the stone wall.

‘This is… almost like grave diggers.’

Sect Leader Sahyung!

…did they overcome their level a bit more?

-Yah you bastard this is a bit…

Chung Myung shook off his hallucinations and smiled.

No matter how things seemed, he just needed to make money!

“There is an opening!”

“Found it, Chung Myung!”

Hearing their words, Chung Myung widened his eyes and moved over,

In front of Chung Myung’s eyes, there was a large door leading through the stone wall.

“Oh. This might be bigger than I thought.”

“Looks like there is something large to explore. Ah, I got it right.”

“Maybe it will be bigger than the last time we got the pills!”

Chung Myung held his stomach and laughed as his face brightened up,

“No, no. I haven’t even opened it yet, so I shouldn’t be liking this. I like money and it isn’t because I earn it. Let’s open it now!”

It was the moment when Chung Myung grabbed the door tightly.

A very disconcerted voice came from above their heads.

The disciples looked up…

The ghost was back and it was shaking with anger.

“I don’t know why that moron bothered running away if he was going to come back here.”

“Yah. If you are a ghost, go do what you want to. If you are a human, go the way a human would. If you don’t want to be hurt.”

“H-How dare you all!”

The ghost looked so angry that a white haze began to shimmer around.

“I tried to endure it so that blood wouldn’t spill! You people constantly take this too far! Do not blame me for being cruel now!”

The gray form began to slam down to break their necks quickly speed.

However, unlike those who were embarrassed, Chung Myung picked up the shovel he had put down with a flat face.

The world was enveloped in silence.

Baek Cheon looked at this with blank eyes. The side of the shovel Chung Myung was holding was lodged into the milky white ghost.

The world which had been moving into an incredible speed, stopped for a moment in that instant.

The figure hit with the shovel blinked a couple of times and then moved to the floor.

But the thrashing wasn’t finished.

“Look at this bastard!”

Chung Myung rolled his eyes and raised the shovel.

“Told you! Ghost is killed!”

“If they turn out to be human, they will be beaten to death!”

“Didn’t I tell you! You bastard!”

The shovel of Chung Myung began to dance.

“But this bastard! You keep pushing your luck with me! This is so done, you ghost bastard! You bastard!”

Everyone closed their eyes at this.

A horrid event unfolded within the holy hall of a taoist sect.

Purification by shovel.

‘The ghost is killed by being hit by a shovel.’

‘At this point, even if he becomes a vengeful spirit, I will admit his feelings.’

Every time the shovel was hit, the white aura shimmered around, and the figure shrank more.

“Y-You! I will kill…Ack! Ack!”

“Stop! My! Skills! My crotch!Ack!That is my crotch!”

The ghost was angry and screaming and cursing.

“Save me! I am not a ghost! I am a human! I want to live!”

“Now this ghost is tricking people into doing things! You need to be purified!”

“Ackkkk!Help meeeee!”

Dawn began to rise in the distance, and the mournful cries began to continue.

Be it human or ghost, once you touch something that guy wants, your end will be bad.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.