Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The disciples from Mount Hua looked at the person in front of them with too many thoughts running through their minds.

It was clear that the milky white clothes covering the entire body belonged to this person, but it was vague to say that the face belonged to a human.

‘It is double the size…’

‘Like a steamed bun…’

‘How much was he hit?’

Baek Cheon, who was watching the beaten man with a slightly sorry look on his face, cleared his throat,

“Ahem.So… you are from the Ghost Clan?”

Baek Cheon paused for a moment and pondered as he tilted his head.

“Have you heard of them, Jo Gul?”

“This is my first time hearing of them.”

The disciples of Mount Hua stared at the man with slightly confused looks on their faces.

“I… I am sorry, but we are short on information.”

A look of sadness flashed across the man’s face. And then Chung Myung frowned.

“I have heard about such a place existing, but this is the first time actually seeing someone from there. What have I heard, uh… their footwork is amazing, the best too in…”

“Hiding their presence like a ghost…”

Chung Myung had a confused look.

After hearing this, he wondered why he hadn’t noticed it; actually, hearing something with your ears, and seeing something with your eyes, always left one with different thoughts, so this was expected.

Baek Cheon, who was listening with a serious look, asked,

“A bit hard to call us that. If we have to say something, then we are a dependable movement…”

Chung Myung shrugged.

“That is what ghosts do.”

“I told you, I am a person.”

The man tried to show his anger, but his swollen face didn’t help him much.

Baek Cheon looked at the man and, a bit hesitant, asked,

“Anyway, I understand. Then uh… um…”

After hesitating for a moment, he scratched the back of his head shyly,

“I am sorry, but you are a disciple, right? It is a bit difficult to guess with your face being a bit, you know, right now.”

The person closed his eyes with sorrow.

‘There is no such thing as the concept of kindness.’

This bastard who looks nice, he gets to use the words which would upset people the most.

“Then you are our senior.”

As soon as a slightly stupid word came out, the man went silent.

“No, but is this bastard really right?”

When Chung Myung caught the shovel again, the man turned blue… no his face was originally purple due to the beating. Either way, he moved back,

“Gul,” said Baek Cheon.

“Put some sugar in that guy’s mouth, he is at it again.”

Jo Gul dragged Chung Myung along. And even as he was being dragged, Chung Myung squinted his eyes and screamed,

“Answer me! Before I become the Buddha and purify you!”

Baek Cheon shook his head as if all hope was lost and looked at the man again,

“But why did you do this?”

The guy glanced at Chung Myung, who was being dragged away, and then said,

“I am from the Ghost Clan, a disciple called Gye Hyung. And here I am known as the Martial Shadow Ghost.”

And Chung Myung, who was being dragged away, shook Jo Gul off and came over,

“No one knows your sect’s name, and yet you have a title attached to yours?”

Baek Cheon glanced at Jo Gul with a sad face.

“Do not worry and continue, he always acts like that.”

“That thief bastard.”

The man lifted his head and looked at the sky.

‘I’d rather you kill me.’

One cursed, and the others comforted him; this felt like being fed and whipped in the butt at the same time.

What kind of participation was this?

If he had known Mount Hua was this vicious, then he would have run without returning here.

“You are a great warrior.”

“… great warrior is a bit excessive for me. Just call me Martial Shadow Ghost.”

“Can I call you that? I can call you Master Gye? Well… you are the next in line, I assume?”

Gye Hyung sighed and began to speak.

“Actually, the place where you built your hall is one of the Ghost Clan branches. To be precise, it could be called one of our safe houses.”

He had never heard of it.

Those who needed to minimize their appearances outside, hide their identity, and avoid the eyes of others were called murderers and thieves, and these people made places called safe houses where they could hide.

“No, of course, I understand that you are a bit shocked. It is a little strange to have one in such a place.”

What kind of insane person would make Xi’an, the busiest city, their safe house? Even if the saying was, ‘It is darkest under the lamp’.

“This is a safe house built more than two hundred years ago. I heard that Xi’an wasn’t this prosperous then, and there was no large path to navigate.”

If it was built long ago, then that sounded fine.

Yoon Jong, who had been listening to the story, asked further as if he understood this,

“Ah, then the ghost haunting this land?”

“… Yes. That was us.”

Gye Hyung spoke quickly as if to protest that it was not his fault.

“Actually, this was a place built by us. However, over the course of two hundred years, the urban area of Xi’an was gradually developed, and the area widened up, and people began to live everywhere here…”

“And it was empty in the start??”

“But… we couldn’t claim to people that we were the owners because our identities were hidden and constantly changing.”

Baek Cheon nodded as if he understood,

“That’s why you drove people out pretending to be a ghost. If rumors spread that it was an abandoned house with ghosts, people wouldn’t want to live here.”

“Yes, that is it. And as you can see, our martial arts are quite suited for that.”

“Because they think we are real ghosts.”

“That much I will agree.”

A figure costumed in white, moving around with unnatural speed, who wouldn’t think it was a ghost? Moreover, qi couldn’t be sensed either.

Gye Hyung nodded his head.

“The idea worked really well, and there was no problem during that time. So I came to visit Xi’an again and managed to go… the abandoned house which I worked in to keep from collapsing was nowhere to be found…”

“… of course, inside, there were Taoists.”

“And ones with swords.”

“It’s like walking into hell.”

Seeing the disciples of Mount Hua speak sympathetic words to him, Gye Hyung nodded as if he would cry at any moment,

“Th… at… people… it might be a bit strange to say this in front of everyone, but when I found out that you were people from Mount Hua, who recently began to make their name all over the place, I… well… it was…”

“I understand, man.”

They did nothing wrong, and yet they felt like they had to apologize.

“T-that is why I tried to drive people out by pretending to be a ghost, like before. Because that was all I could do.”

Only then the disciples of Mount Hua, who learned the full story, nodded.

“If you think about it, it wasn’t bad right?”

“Right. There was no hurting anyone, just pretending to be a ghost.”

“I was beaten a bit too much for what I did.”

“Right. Too much, man.”

Everyone looked pitifully at him.

Seeing that, Gye Hyung wanted to cry.

‘What crimes did I commit in my previous life?’

For him to have met such an angry, venomous guy?

However, that venomous bastard didn’t seem to care about his circumstances.

“So this is your house.”

“Do you have proof of that?”

Chung Myung asked him again,

“Do you have proof that this place belongs to you?”

Gye Hyung rolled his eyes,

So this abandoned house was theirs to hide, but there was evidence?

“We bought this. There are documents we have for it.”

Chung Myung grinned and pointed to the hole he had dug,

“Actually, everything that comes from this land belongs to its owners, and that is the law regarding the matter.”

Chung Myung spoke cheerfully,

“if you feel this is unfair, then go to the officials and ask for it.”

Gye Hyung stared at Chung Myung with a blank look. Then, with much difficulty, he opened his mouth,

“The work of sects doesn’t let officials…”

“Arent sects made of people? This man is huge.”

Gye Hyung protested.

“Well, the safe room is over there, right? Like I said! Wouldn’t this be the same as me proving this?”

“How can that be proved? We dug this first, and then you came.”

“You supposedly found a box of gold under your house. And if I come there and claim that I buried it, will that be mine?”

Gye Hyung looked like he was done.

“This is ours. Without further ado, get out of our place, and if you snoop around one more time, then I will end up beating you to a pulp.”

“W-Where is such a law…”

“Is there any law which says you can dress like a ghost and scare someone in their own home?”

Gye Hyung shuddered.

“You are lucky. If I were in a bad mood, you would have been a real ghost by now.”

It was when Chung Myung tapped him on the shoulder.

“T-there is no treasure there.”

Chung Myung’s body went cold. And he tilted his head to the side like a ghost,

A voice that was several times more gloomy and terrifying than when Gye Hyung acted like a ghost came slithering over.

Gye Hyung, who was scared, immediately changed his words,

“W-Wealth! There is no such thing as wealth! There is something else…”

Chung Myung’s face brightened up again.

“Ah, what is so important about that? If we can make money, then it is treasure. So what is inside?”

The man pursed his lips.

And Chung Myung came over and tapped him on the shoulder.

“It is quite frustrating. If this is the case, I have no choice but to jump in and check for myself. The result will be the same. Let’s not deal with each other again.”

At that, Gye Hyung sighed,

“… it is an order, a will.”

“There is the will of the Sect Leader from the Ghost Clan in there.”

Chung Myung was shocked now.

“The Sect Leader’s will?”

“So… the will of the sect leader, which symbolizes the authority of the sect leader, who oversees the big to large affairs of a sect?”

“Depending on the situation, the holder of the will has more authority than the sect leader?”

“And that is in there?”

The man nodded. This was not something he should have said, but he was powerless at this moment.

That devil-like being in here will open the place and search for it, so he had to speak up.

“… that is a bit complicated to say. It is…”

“Hmm. If it is complicated, don’t say.”

Then why did you ask, you bastard?!

“Hmm, so you are saying you came here for that?”

“Yes. It is quite an important item for the clan, so please…”

“The sect leader’s will.”

“So if I hold it, I can have the same level of command and authority as the sect leader of the clan? And that is in that place?”

“Really?Hehehehe!Is that so?Eheheheh!”

Like a child who had received a toy he liked so much, Chung Myung smiled brightly.

Gye Hyung, who felt horror and terror creep in, couldn’t hide his emotions.

Chung Myung straightened his shoulders and looked at Gye Hyung with the kindest face,

“From now on, you should call me ‘Weilder of the Sect Leader’s Will’.”

“Take good care of me.Hehehe.”

This insane bastard is saying what…

Gye Hyung, who was barely holding onto his sanity, grabbed the back of his head and fell back.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.