Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Yang Pyo’s face wasn’t good, things weren’t good.

‘If only I had noticed this a little sooner, just a little sooner!’

If the information had arrived even just a little earlier, they would have had some time to prepare. But, the information had obviously been delayed this time, as the enemies were only noticed after they had gotten so close. Because of this, there was no way to buy time.

However, it was a little difficult to say that this was the fault of the Beggars Union. No matter how much of the world was covered by beggars, they could not keep an eye on everyone.

Who would imagine that the Ten Thousand People Clan would take three of its troops and send them to Mount Hua?

‘That clan is clearly in the process of moving on the Green Forest Clan. In the meantime, can they use their power like this?’

Yang Pyo shook his head.

Now was not the time to be thinking about this; the important thing was that right now, the situation looked hopeless.

They were the armed forces of an Evil Clan, surely they could wipe out smaller and medium-sized sects without a trace in only half a day.

And now, Mount Hua’s power was clearly not on the same level as a medium-sized sect.

Mount Hua had an absolute lack of skilled warriors. At least all of those among the sect who had made a name for themselves were currently in Xi’an.

To put it bluntly, those who were left on Mount Hua were not a strong force.

‘As expected, this won’t work.’

No matter how much he thought about it, it felt impossible to deal with all the people who would be coming to attack. Wasn’t this a lost cause?

But what he didn’t understand…

Yang Pyo turned to the training hall.

All the disciples left on Mount Hua were lined up, and they stood straight up like solid pillars, and Yang Pyo couldn’t understand why.

‘Do they not realize?’

How strong their opponent was…

What a hopeless situation this was?

‘No. It cannot be like that.’

Strangely, there was no sign of hesitation in the eyes of the Mount Hua disciples.

There was determination on their faces. He felt it.

The tips of their pursed lips trembled, and they constantly clenched their hands.

Being courageous didn’t mean not feeling fear. True courage was not the absence of fear but the persistence through it.

In that sense, now the disciples of Mount Hua were showing true courage.

“Has everyone gathered?”

“Yes, Sect Leader!” roared the disciples in response.

Hyun Jong stood in front of the lined-up disciples and looked at everyone with sunken eyes. By Hyun Jong’s side was Hyun Sang holding the Plum Sword.

“You must have heard the news.”

Contrary to his face, Hyun Jong was speaking with a calm voice.

“There are people climbing up Mount Hua right now. Their purpose is clear, so we may have to fight for the fate of Mount Hua today.”

The eyes of the disciples were still determined.

It was a story they knew, but hearing it from the mouth of their sect leader was very different.

A great sense of anxiousness swept through their faces, and their fingers trembled.

Hyun Jong looked at everyone’s faces, and each of them looked resolute, but he could feel their anxiousness.

Hyun Jong shook his head at their response and said,

Everyone looked at him with shocked faces.

“I am afraid. I am scared. I might lose my life today, I am afraid that I will see one of you get hurt. I am afraid that Mount Hua will meet its fate today. But more than anything, what I am the most afraid of…”

Hyun Jong tightly closed his lips, and seeing everyone, he slowly said,

“Is seeing you all hurt and die while I am still alone, alive in this empty place.”

A quiet silence passed.

“I… I am afraid that something like that will happen.”

This wasn’t something being said to boost their morale, it was his true thoughts.

“Disciples of Mount Hua.”

“If someone has to die, I will be the first.”

Hyun Jong grabbed the sword at his waist.

“As the sect leader of Mount Hua, I will not allow anyone to die before me. If blood has to be spilled, then it will be mine. If life has to be laid down, it will be mine!”

His voice was loud; it had started calm but had turned to a roar at the end.

Hyun Jong pulled out his sword, and the blade began to glow white.

“To those who dare step on Mount Hua, I will teach them what Mount Hua is. No one should ever be able to approach Mount Hua carelessly! The plum blossoms of Mount Hua will never fall again! I will clearly let them know!”

Everyone gritted their teeth.

His rough but sincere voice gave strength to the disciples of Mount Hua.

The sight of all the disciples drawing their swords in unison was accompanied by a sharp sound.

“Believe in yourself, in what you have done. And those who dare to laugh at Mount Hua will be made to pay!”

Everyone here knew that this day would eventually come; raising their reputation meant that new enemies were bound to come. If anything, they had arrived a little bit earlier than expected.

“Lead the Un disciples.”

“You will lead the Baek disciples and the Chung disciples!”

Hyun Jong nodded his head quietly.

The enemy was now climbing Mount Hua. It was not that they hadn’t thought about splitting up and intercepting them on their journey up. But, to divide their power into three was not something that Mount Hua could do now.

When everyone came together, Mount Hua could exert even more power.

“Prepared to face the enemy?”

Hyun Jong, who grasped his sword lightly, looked at the gate. Soon, the troops from the Evil Faction people would arrive.

“You called yourself a little beggar?”

Hyun Jong turned his head and asked Yang Pyo, who was watching the situation from the side.

“Yes, Sect Leader. It is Yang Pyo.”

“When do you think the news from Xi’an will arrive?”

“It must have already reached them.”

“I see. Then, can we expect support from them?”

“… I made a request…”

Yang Pyo’s face hardened,

“It is difficult to find a sect close by that can help other than Southern Edge. We did ask, but they have shut their gates, and maybe…”

Hyun Jong nodded silently.

If he had to deal with the Ten Thousand People Clan, he would need someone from the Nine Great Sects or Five Great Families.

However, as soon as Southern Edge closed its gates, the ones who could lend their support were now only Wudang or Shaolin.

Even if they moved right now, they would only arrive once the entire situation was resolved.

‘This means that there is no support.’

Hyun Jong closed his eyes.

Suppressing his trembling heart, he quietly turned his head and looked at Xi’an.

He felt his anxiety and concern rise. What he was afraid of was not that Hyun Young and Chung Myung would arrive too late, with everyone here all dead.

What was truly terrifying was when they all died, and Mount Hua ended up burning.

In particular, Chung Myung was a child with deep anger, and he was someone who loved Mount Hua more than anyone.

No one could even dare to guess how that child would react if he saw Mount Hua collapse again on his own.

“Do not worry, Chung Myung.”

I will definitely protect the children. Even at the cost of my life.

“Why are you slowing down?”

Baek Cheon, drenched in sweat, glanced back at Chung Myung.

Seeing Chung Myung lying on the cart with his legs crossed made his stomach upset.

But what could he do? There was no doubt that the sword at his waist was a wooden one.

“A swordsman broke his sword?”

“Phew,if that sword broke a little earlier, you would have been done for.”

In the end, Baek Cheon stared ahead with empty eyes.

‘Disgusting bastard.’

No matter how much they thought about it, he always had the upper hand, and the one time he had made a mistake!

‘What are the real ghosts even doing!’

Instead of fooling around, he wanted a real ghost to come and catch Chung Myung.

It was the moment when Baek Cheon let out a deep sigh and was ready to move.

Baek Cheon, who felt something strange, raised his head.

Baek Cheon stopped walking. Jo Gul slowed down despite not understanding anything.

“What is coming from over there?”

Chung Myung narrowed his eyes. Indeed, something was approaching from afar. And what seemed like a small dot was now becoming larger and larger.

“Isn’t that a beggar?”

“Is that Hong Dae-Kwang?”

Chung Myung laughed at the man who was running with incredible speed,

“What now? Man, he is the busiest person of all.”

A lot of dust rose as he ran forward.

Chung Myung, who was about to say something fun went silent.

“… what is happening?”

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon?”

Hong Dae-Kwang, who finally arrived, jumped and landed right in front of Chung Myung.

“We have a huge problem, Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.”

“Wh-What? What is wrong?”

“The Ten Thousand People Clan! They are moving to Mount Hua right now!”

He heard something loud, and Chung Myung, who was riding on the cart, held him by the shoulders and said,

“T-The Thousand People Clan! Three of their troops are heading toward Mount Hua. They must have reached Mount Hua already, they were climbing the mountain!”

Chung Myung’s body rotated in an instant. And without a moment’s hesitation, he kicked off the wagon and tried to throw himself forward.

But Baek Cheon, who had sensed what was happening before, ran over and grabbed him by the arm.

“This is not something you can do alone! Let us go together!”

Chung Myung’s eyes were burning up.

“This isn’t a situation to solve with anger!”

“I will follow you even if it means death! I will even crawl there! Take me with you!”

Chung Myung bit his lip at Baek Cheon’s cry.

And Hyun Young was trying to organize the situation,

“Chung Myung! Take the children with you!”

“No matter how strong you are, one hand cannot handle ten hands. If you try to handle all of them there, your hands and feet will give out.”

Chung Myung contemplated for a moment with a stiff face and nodded. Now wasn’t the time to waste time on these things.

Baek Cheon, Yu Yiseol, Yoon Jong, and Jo Gul stood in front of Chung Myung.

“The novice monk will follow.”

Hae Yeon, who came down the cart before anyone realized, was standing next to Chung Myung.

“We never know what you will do, so we cannot let you go. Please take this monk with you.”

“You might die there.”

“Isn’t living all about life and death?”

“Go. I will lead the disciples and soon follow you.”

Just as Chung Myung, who had finished checking everything, was about to start running.

Someone’s voice blocked him. He probably would have ignored this voice, but it felt so earnest that he stopped.

He was looking at Chung Myung and the party with an expression that was odd.

“Chung Myung. Make sure that the sajils and sasuks there are…”

Chung Myung ran ahead, and at the same time, Baek Cheon and Hae Yeon followed him.

“Let’s go together, Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon!”

Hong Dae-Kwag, too caught up from behind without even waiting for anything, not even to catch his breath.

Watching the disciples disappear, Hyun Young bit his lip.

‘Sect Leader, please!’

With a desperate heart, he glanced at Mount Hua in the distance and shouted,

In the eyes of Hyun Young, who abandoned the cart and began to run with all his might, he was worrying, unable to control himself.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.