Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Chung Myung ran with all his might.

At the same time, each step cracked the ground as his body shot through the air like a bullet.

Baek Cheon and Hong Dae-Kwang followed behind him, clenching their teeth.

Normally, Chung Myung would have moved at the same pace as them, but he couldn’t afford to do that now. Even at this moment, someone on Mount Hua might be falling down or coughing up blood.

Chung Myung unknowingly bit his lip, and blood dribbled down his chin from his torn lips.

He had seen enough of that.

Even if he had to die, he hoped it wouldn’t be that scene he saw.

How could he again endure the pain and helplessness of his soul leaving his body?

‘I was too careless.’

The world never flowed the way one expected.

If he had the world in his palm, then this wouldn’t have happened; no one should be approaching Mount Hua now.

Veins could be seen bulging from his clenched hand.

His head turned toward the side,

‘I cannot delay any longer…’

“Don’t mind us and run ahead!”

Baek Cheon shouted loudly,

“We will follow you till the end, so don’t think about matching pace with us.”

Chung Myung shook his head and looked forward. He clenched his fist,

The speed of Chung Myung increased. At the same time, everyone in the party squeezed every bit of strength to follow behind him closely.

Yu Yiseol’s gaze, even while running at max speed, never left the back of Chung Myung. She could feel it when looking at him.

How angry he was… and just how much he was rushing.

It wasn’t just that.

‘He looks like he is about to cry.’

Yu Yiseol, who silently stared at him, bit her lip.

‘This isn’t the time to be thinking so leisurely.’

Mount Hua was in danger, and she didn’t want to imagine the situation in which their sect leader or her friends would lose their lives.

As Yu Yiseol used her footwork techniques and moved, her sahyungs desperately kicked the ground.

Mount Hua was surrounded by clouds as she approached it.

The gate made of solid rosewood was smashed, and fragments flew in all directions.

Son Wol took a step through the white dust. Stepping through the gate of Mount Hua, he glanced around.

“… what? Is this all?”

And then he slowly frowned.

The vast training grounds in front of them were filled with Mount Hua disciples lined up, but it looked just to be around a hundred of them or so.

Wasn’t it to the point where it felt like most of them were missing?

“Sending out this many brats. Are they slowly losing their heads?”

Slowly, Poison Bloody Hand walked in,

“Do not underestimate them unless you want to end up like Red Snake Blade.”

“How did we even get such a moron?”

“Probably one in a million.”

Poison Bloody Hand smiled and looked at the disciples of Mount Hua.

“If this happens, there will be no graceful death here.”

“… such terrible words.”

Yado entered with a friendly smile, and behind him were his men.

“We cannot help but be careful each time, but the situation now seems wrong, right? Lord seemed so angry, but it is like we have come to catch rabbits now.”

Yado glared at the people ahead.

It was blatant hostility, but there were two people to who they didn’t pay much attention.

“Rather… it looks like the big deal is coming.”

Hyun Jong, the sect leader of Mount Hua, walked ahead slowly and stood in front of his disciples, and spoke with a firm voice.

“These rude people. If you break down someone’s gate to enter, then you should apologize first.”

Deadly Short Shooter twisted his head and looked at Hyun Jong, his killing intent solely directed at him.

“This old man is the sect leader of Mount Hua?”

“Yes, I am Hyun Jong.”

“Ah! It is an honor to meet the sect leader of Mount Hua, maybe?”

Hyun Jong’s eyes twitched at this.

“You really are people who haven’t learned their manners.”

Son Wol raised his finger and scratched his forehead.

“Please keep your lectures in moderation. I don’t like listening to them at all…”

And he touched the spear at his waist.

“I especially have no interest in listening to lectures from those who are about to die.”

A much more blatant killing intent than before. But Hyun Jong’s expression didn’t change at all.

“Ohh? Quite a person? For the sect leader of a collapsing sect to stand.”

Hyun Jong said calmly,

“… means going through a lot. So that one will not be surprised by insignificant things.”

Son Wol clenched his hand, and Yado took a step forward.

And he smiled, looking at Hyun Jong.

“But that is something you get to say only if you survive today, right? It is ridiculous to talk about experiences when you have no head.”

Hyun Jong quietly looked at him.

There was a glimmer of light in his wrinkled eyes.

Yado, who slightly suppressed his killing intent, grabbed his sword with a stiff expression.

“But, by the order of our Lord, we are going to erase Mount Hua. In this death, you will regret that you touched people from the Ten Thousand People Clan.”

“Ten Thousand People Clan?”

Hyun Jong unsheathed his sword.

Hyun Jong slowly lowered his sword, his appearance looked like that of an old tree growing at the peak of a mountain.

“Where do you think you are standing?”

Hyun Jong’s voice rose.

“This is Mount Hua. This is not a place where people like you can warn us. This place is where the spirits of our ancestors have stowed their essence while traveling the world. It is no place for evil beings like you to step near and sully.”

Soon, Hyun Jong’s sword aimed for Yado.

“If you lay your weapons down and retreat, we will show mercy. But if you want to fight till the end, then do not resent my sword.”

Yado narrowed his eyes,

“… I hope you have the skills to match that mouth of yours.”

Equally impatient, Son Wol pushed Yado away and stepped forward.

With a short sound, two daggers from his waist were drawn.

“Do not worry, Old Man. I will not kill you. Watch as your disciples fall one by one. And then you will have your throat slashed at the last moment.”

“No one here will die until I die first!”

Son Wol’s eyes glistened,

The subordinates of Son Wol, who were waiting, rushed forward at the disciples of Mount Hua.

Un Am and Un Geom led the disciples and met them.

“Do not let them gain momentum!”

Hyun Sang drew his sword without delay and rushed ahead; at the same time, Hyun Jong turned.

His eyes were on Yado, who was glaring at him.

‘He has to be stopped.’

The role of the leader was just as important as the battle itself. If he let the leaders of the three troops enter, then Mount Hua did not have a chance of winning.

With this body which had gone old.

When was the last time he even held his sword to lead Mount Hua?

His heart felt like a mess, and his hand had turned cold, with his legs slightly trembling.

“You must know that you cannot be my opponent. You might be doing well, but your legs are giving up.”

Hyun Jong replied to Yado’s words, “Sometimes you see.”

“Even if you are afraid of something, you will have to act.”

“Come. You people are tainted with evil. I will engrave on you the sword of Mount Hua.”

“Let’s see just how great that sword of Mount Hua is?”

His body rushed to Hyun Jong.

He managed to block the blade, but it seemed that the weight and power of the blade would break Hyun Jong’s thin sword at any moment.

The face of the third-class disciple Chung Hwa contorted.

Even though they exchanged just a couple of hits, the strength of his opponent could be clearly felt. And if he reacted even a second slow, then he could have died.

He did manage to block it somehow, but this didn’t seem any better.

The opponent pushed on the weapon making his wrists hurt and his legs wobbly.

Behind where their blade and sword met, the face of his opponent could be seen. His opponent had this killing intent, and he realized that his life was really on the line.

Everything ahead seemed dark.

He, who was neither Chung Myung nor Baek Cheon fighting against these people of Evil Faction, could win?

‘W-when will they come?’

Chung Myung? Baek Cheon?

Can I hold on till then?

Intense force surged out from the blade and through his sword, making Chung Hwa’s wrists hurt, and his stomach shake.

“Are you thinking about someone else with me in front of you?”

A powerful blow aimed at his head.

Chung Hwa’s eyes widened as he thought of his death.

It couldn’t be stopped.

But then, there was a loud sound as the blade bound for him was bounced back, and someone grabbed him.

Unknowingly, Un Geom raised him up and moved forward.

“Do not doubt yourself.”

“You are a swordsman of Mount Hua who overcame the most arduous training. So never doubt yourself!”

Un Geom’s voice rang.

“How long will you continue to look at their backs?! How long will you wait for them to lead you? Believe in what you have done and believe in your own skills! And!”

Un Geom shook his sword and walked forward,

“Shouldn’t we be smiling when the others return?”

There was no time to answer.

Un Geom’s sword moved forward to cut down the enemies who were rushing in.

Fast, accurate, and serious.

His sword completely trampled the enemy.

“Boarding House Head!”

The Un Geom roared as he pushed the enemies back with all his might.

“If you cannot do it alone, keep each other safe! If you knock them down, then hold on! That is enough!”

Strength entered Chung Hwa’s sword hand.

He stood with legs firm and wide.

‘I, too, am a swordsman of Mount Hua!’

Even if I cannot defeat the enemy, I cannot look weak!

The sword of Un Geom pierced and cut through the enemy without hesitation.

In the blink of an eye, to all those in front of his sword, which moved in all directions, making the rest step back with hesitation.

“D-Damn it! It is fast!”

Un Geom’s sword, which stabbed the shoulder of his opponent, drew out blood.

Un Geom, who neatly cut through the thigh of another, lowered his stance and stabbed again.

When it came to swords, Un Geom probably possessed the most skill on Mount Hua. There were no opponents for him.

In fact, if one thought about all of Mount Hua, Hyun Sang was even the head of the boarding house and martial arts.

Un Geom knew that fact better than anyone.

‘I need to do this.’

The people here were immature.

Aside from skills, the disciples had never experienced a real war, so when such kids were pushed into this war-like atmosphere, they would not be able to showcase even half of their skills.

So he understood them.

If he, standing in the lead, defeated their enemies, then the kids behind him would be able to gain some courage.

“Calm down! Keep your head calm!”

It was the moment when Un Geom was about to slash another enemy.

With the sound of something spinning, a tremendous blade moved for Un Geom.

Un Geom turned without having to check the direction.

The hem of the cloth on his shoulder was ripped, and the skin near his face suffered a long slice.

Un Geom landed on the ground and touched his face.

“This, so there is someone on Mount Hua who can do this?”

Holding short spears in both hands, he shook his head and approached Un Geom.

“If you are dead, it is all over.”

“That is what I have to say.”

“Hehehe.Your mouth is pretty too.”

Deadly Short Spear, Son Wol looked at him with bloodshot eyes.

“I will lodge this spear into your mouth!”

The short spear, which was spinning fiercely in his hand, was shot right at Un Geom’s chest.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.