Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

‘This doesn’t look good.’

A look of anxiousness crossed Tang Soso‘s face.

Soon, she pulled an assassin’s blade out from her sleeve.

The blade, which flew at the speed of lightning, pierced those who were attacking the disciples of Mount Hua.

In the middle of the fight, she was taking advantage of the gaps and pauses in the fights to use her assassin blades.

Baek Hyun of the Baek disciples, who swung his sword with a staggering form, managed to cut his opponent and looked back at Tang Soso.

“Collect my blades and throw them back!”

Tang Soso gritted her teeth.

At first glance, this situation wasn’t good.

At least, their sect leader and elders had held on till now. However, the warriors of the Ten Thousand People Clan were battling fiercely and slowly narrowing their siege.

The blades in her hand rubbed against each other.

‘I never thought I would hear this again?’

When she decided to abandon her identity as a daughter of the Tang family and become a disciple of Mount Hua, she let go of blades and daggers for her sword.

Now that she was a disciple of Mount Hua, she only used the martial arts of the sect, so she swore never to use these assassin tools again. But now wasn’t the time to waste time on such empty thoughts.

She was smart enough to know what she had to do.

At least in these moments, she knew that these daggers were more valuable than her sword; as a Tang family member who was trained to use assassin’s daggers and poison, she had to do this.

There were plenty who could replace her as a swordsman now.

She grasped the situation of the battle and realized she needed to help out her sahyungs any chance she could, to give them a fighting chance. If she hadn’t…

Their opponents weren’t people they could face.

Their only hope was to fight shoulder and shoulder with each other and Mount Hua, to become one group. The only problem was that these two sides were very different.

And there was a limit to this.

Tang Soso bit her lip as she looked to the side to see her sect leader, who looked to be in pain.

Her heart felt like it would shatter now. Even though his entire body was covered with blood, her sect leader was standing in front of Yado.

The same went for Un Geom and Hyun Sang.

‘This cannot go on like this…’

Tang Soso bit her lip as she shook her head.

A sharp scream turned her head in an instant and made her go pale. A tearing scream from a disciple of Mount Hua with a blade making its way to his neck!

Tang Soso threw out three daggers at once!

Two daggers didn’t find their target, bouncing off the sword, but the last one… made its way into her opponent’s heart.

Tang Soso’s eyes widened.

Her opponent convulsed for a moment before collapsing.

She shivered as if ice water was thrown at her and immediately raised her hand and slapped herself.

Not once, but several times making her cheeks turn red, and some blood even dripped from her lips.

She rubbed her sleeve to clear the blood and looked up.

‘Do not be an idiot right now, Tang Soso.’

She could be surprised and tremble at this later.

In this situation, if she is too shaken, then one more person could die, and Tang Soso wouldn’t be able to forgive herself after that.

“The wounded move back! Come on!”

Those who were wounded retreated, while those who weren’t moved forward to cover these new gaps.

Tang Soso gritted her teeth and looked at the wounded.

But tears kept flowing down.

Sahyungs she had laughed together with, trained and cursed together with were now helplessly wounded in the face of the enemy’s swords.

If there was any good news, then it was that no one had died or had been seriously injured yet.

‘Never! I will never let anyone leave!’

Sealing the wound with a warlike mentality, she pulled out the Soul Vitality Pill from her sleeve with blood-soaked hands. Her sect leader had entrusted this to her before the fight.

-Please. Soso, please…

She could tell what he meant, she wasn’t to allow anyone to die.

Tang Soso accepted this right away.

“No dying! Never! You cannot die!”

In her field of vision, she screamed at the disciples of Mount Hua, who collapsed.

“Keep the formation! Do not fall for the feints of the enemy! Stand and trust your sahyungs sajaes! And deal with the enemies in front of you!” shouted someone, from somewhere.

At those words, the disciples regrouped and closed the distance between each other as they began to attack.

She shoved a medicine pill into the mouth of the wounded and continued to look over to Xi’an.

Chung Myung Sahyung.

Please come quickly, please.

“You look concerned?”

Son Wol asked Un Geom.

This cold swordsman who stopped him could be described as a model swordsman. So cold and calm; even his sword technique was exquisite.

Every time he heard a scream behind him, he would clearly flinch.

He was trained as a swordsman, but he wasn’t used to such fighting, nor were the kids.

Pretending he didn’t care, but he still wanted to turn back and have a look.

“Huhu, you are so caring.”

Son Wol sneered at him.

“I didn’t think Mount Hua had such skills. But with your actions now, you look like a dog guarding the house.”

Un Geom lowered his stance to the center, not caring about the provocation.

However, Son Wol had dealt with such people.

“You want to defeat me quickly and help them, right?”

“Huhu, well, that is good. Then try it.”

“You don’t have to spell it out!”

Un Geom lept forward with lightning speed.

His sword pierced through the air like a meteor, aiming for Son Wol’s lower body.

With this guy’s level, this single attack would surely be blocked. But the moment he crosses the spear up, he…

Seeing the sword approach, Son Wol smiled and thrust his spear forward.

Un Geom’s eyes widened.

Of course, it was just a stab that could be easily blocked. But now the short spear wasn’t coming for him…

Next to me, to be exact…

Un Geom changed the path of his sword. The sword shook, and his internal qi had to flow back due to this, but the sword did move to block the short spear which was aimed at the disciples.

The moment his sword blocked the short spear, the other spear in his opponent’s left hand pierced his thigh.

His flesh was pierced and the sounds of muscles being torn could be clearly heard.

Un Geom took a step back and glared at Son Wol.

There was a hole in his thigh as huge as a child’s fist.

Each breath he took made blood gush out.

Son Wol clicked his tongue, looking at Un Geom.

“It must not feel good.”

“You must be feeling bad. Must have known that it would be more beneficial to hurt yourself than to see the death of a disciple.Hehehehe.”

If Un Geom hadn’t blocked the attack just now, he could have cut off the leg of Son Wol.

However, in return, the man was ready to kill a disciple, and the disciples weren’t strong enough to block his attack.

“It isn’t that hard to deal with people like you.”

“… don’t you even have pride as a warrior?”

“This gives results.”

“Even if we had a one-on-one fight, you are no match for me. I will win ninety-nine out of a hundred times. But…”

Son Wol, who was in the middle, raised his spears and aimed them to the side.

“There are a hundred ways to fight and ninety-nine ways to win, so why should I choose just one path to win in a fight? If you don’t like it, then watch your disciples die.Hahaha!”

The spear spun in his hand and moved for the disciples of Mount Hua.

‘You fuckin mad man!’

Un Geom’s eyes were red.

Clearly, his subordinates were also in the line of fire, and yet he was ready to risk them all. If he continued to do this, shooting spears through the back of his men, then the disciples wouldn’t even be able to see it.

This man had no bit of hesitation or mercy in his hands as if he didn’t care to trade the lives of one of his own for the life of a disciple from Mount Hua.

Another short spear flew out of his hand…

Without another thought, Un Geom moved to block it.

The spear hit his sword, and it continued to rotate despite being blocked, which showed how much qi he had used.

Un Geom clenched his teeth at the pain he was feeling within his wrist.

Concentrating on one spear and blocking the other suddenly wasn’t easy. Moreover, even more so if his body wasn’t perfectly stable.

In an instant, a bright blue light rose in the eyes of Son Wol.

He pulled out another spear and thrust it out.

And it moved for Un Geom and pierced his right shoulder blade.

The spiraling spear pushed flesh pieces around. The sight of blood splattering and the sounds of bone being crushed were terrifying.

Un Geom slowly turned his head and looked at the spear in his shoulder.

He could see that the spear had sliced the flesh attaching his arm to his body, and the surrounding bone had been crushed.

At that moment, he heard Son Wol speak.

“You are dying because of your disciples.”

The short spear, which had stopped spinning, began to spin again.

Blood splattered once again, and Un geom’s arm, which was ripped off, soared through the air.

This sight was clearly engraved into the eyes of Mount Hua’s disciples.

His right arm flew up, and Un Geom, who couldn’t withstand the force, fell down.

Even though his arm was cut off, the arm hadn’t let go of the sword.

That arm had taught swordsmanship to the disciples of Mount Hua.

As the head of the White Plum Blossom Boarding Hall, that arm had given countless disciples the chance to hold a sword, yet it now fell.

The disciples of Mount Hua cried out in shock.

“Sasuk!!AHHHHHH!Damn it!”

“I will kill you! I will kill you! You fucking bastard!”

Tang Soso sat down on the spot, looked lost in despair, and she touched her chest.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.