Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Hyun Jong shouted and tried to move and assist him, but Yado’s sharp blade didn’t allow him.

The blade, which had been aimed at Hyun Jong’s neck, bounced back. He had lost his composure, so he just mindlessly blocked the blade aimed at his throat, leaving a shallow cut.

“Be calm, Sect Leader.”

“Isn’t being cool-headed one of your strengths?”

“It is a pity that you cannot keep your promise of dying first.”

Hyun Jong’s eyes were red.

It felt like all the blood in his entire body was gushing out, but he understood the truth in those words.

If he moved to help Un Geom now, then he would be attacked from behind, and if Un Geom and him died at the same time, then it would only be a matter of seconds before the kids were also killed.

Blood was visible in his eyes, which were filled with anger.

He began to feel dizzy from the blood loss, and soon it was only his rising anger and resentment that was keeping him standing.

“Come, you evil man. I will kill you and make you pay for that.”

“It has been fun till now…”

And as if his laugh never existed, his face became serious.

“It will not be fun anymore. I will end this as quickly as you wish.”

The blade began to exude Qi.

With a terrible sound, the wrist of Hyun Sang broke.

Poison Bloody Hand didn’t miss this short gap that Hyun Sang gave and wounded him. The price for blocking his hand.

The broken wrist wasn’t the problem.

His injured wrist was swelling up and turning black.

Hyun Sang, who hurriedly pushed his internal Qi, blocked the flow of poison and gnashed his teeth as he swung his sword.

The wild and bloody slash fell upon Poison Bloody Hand.

But his sword could never break this blackened hand. At best, only a small scratch would appear.

“You seem to be in a hurry.Kuahah.”

Hyun Song’s eyes were red.

His most cherished disciple. Hyun Jong loved Un Am, and Hyun Sang loved Un Geom.

It was delightful to watch. Un Geom would never neglect his training, even for a single day, and he didn’t deviate from his life as a swordsman.

The one who would one day succeed him as the martial arts head.

But at this moment, a weird sadness began to set in with Un Geom’s arm being cut off.

The hand which held his sword.

The arm which should be teaching the disciples.

Hyun Sang yelled in anger.

“Hahaha!Such words are coming from the mouth of a Taoist!”

The Poison Bloody Hand just smiled and received the attack of Hyun Sang.

Unable to hold his tears which were flowing down.

His mind was clouded.

He couldn’t see or feel properly as if the world had become foggy.

It felt like he was searching in an endless space.

“… Sasuk! Get yourself to…”

He couldn’t hear it properly.

It felt like a hum, but he couldn’t understand what it was.

Un Geom’s eyes which had been closing slowly opened.

Un Geom’s body hit the ground soon after his right arm was severed.

And his gaze was still dim.

The arm which should have been there was not, and only then did he understand the situation.

‘I shed too much blood.’

If he didn’t stop the bleeding, he would die.

Un Geom stretched out his left hand, which was trembling and pressed the blood points on his right arm, and stumbled to his feet.

Son Wol laughed like he loved this.

“It wouldn’t be strange to die, but you seriously have guts, man.”

Un Geom didn’t even look at him. No, actually, the words didn’t even reach his ears.

Looking around with a blank face, he stumbled and began to walk to one place.

“Trying to look for something?”

Son Wol laughed as he raised his spear, but then stopped.

Un Geom walked over, dragging his one limp leg, slouching, as something dragged behind him.

Un Geom had gone over to fetch his right arm.

“You cannot put it back…”

Son Wol, who was trying to speak, went silent. Un Geom’s hand wasn’t reaching for his arm, but for the sword that was still held in it.

Un Geom, holding the blade of his sword, stepped onto his severed hand.

Even though it had fallen from his own body, he stomped on it and tore the sword from his fingers which wouldn’t let it go… and finally, he was able to pull it free.

Even Son Wol was shocked by this.

He had been through numerous battles, but who among those battles had acted like this after one of their limbs had fallen off like this?

He had never seen anyone pick up a sword from their own severed body part?

And the insanity didn’t end.

Un Geom’s face was pale from the blood loss, his shoulder twitching from overexertion, and there was a hole in his leg.

It wouldn’t be strange if he just died. However, Un Geom held his sword in his off-hand, his left hand.

“… continue… continue…”

Son Wol was expressionless.

As if his body was losing it, even blue killing intent shone in the eyes of Un Geom.

“… I will not let you lay a single finger on my kids.”

Son Wol’s face distorted.

His face flushed red at this sight.

‘What is with this disgusting man!’

During his lifetime, he had seen countless people.

No matter how well they spoke when they were nearing their death, they would try and save themselves in the end, and he considered it hypocrisy.

What was the meaning of protecting one’s life?

A cheap self-ideology of wearing the face of a selfless man, but running away at the first chance given.

This one seemed different.

“You might have lived if you just pretended to be dead.”

Son Wol grabbed his spear.

“How dare you block my path in that form?”

And he threw a spear at Un Geom’s lower body, and Un Geom didn’t even react.

Son Wol frowned as the spear just hit his stomach.

Wasn’t this like his opponent was just a dead body?

When he pulled back the spear, blood flowed. The man was already bleeding so much that this bleeding seemed too weak.

“You blew your chance to die gracefully…”

Son Wol, who was talking, went silent again.

Un Geom, who had a hole in his stomach, lifted his sword with his left hand.

The balance of his body collapsed as the tip of his sword began to shake.

His eyes were half closed and unfocused as if drunk.

Then what was driving him?

He could feel the force of a swordsman. Even though he knew for sure how this would end, it still felt odd.

Every time the opponent got up, the pride of Son Wol was hurt.

To be frightened by an enemy that even a child could defeat was something that could never happen!

The spear stabbed Un Geom in the chest. The spear, which barely poked as strong as a finger, stabbed him again.

“Let’s see how long you hold on!”

In an instant, five holes appeared in his chest.

“The moment you fall, all your disciples will die. So let us see how many times you can handle this.”

The moment Son Wol looked like he was throwing a fit of anger.

Un Geom looked like he wouldn’t die, but the pain could vividly be seen.

In an instant, dozens of daggers flew for Un Geon’s chest. The man staggered, still trying to support his body.

Son Wol grunted his teeth and drove a spear into Un Geom’s lower leg.

As he couldn’t get up after being hit in the leg, Un Geom’s body collapsed to the ground.

“Fuckin shit. What use is that when you don’t have skills? This is just a matter of dragging it out. Now die already. I will send your disciples after you.”

Raising the short spear with one hand, he aimed it for Un Geom’s neck this time, as Un Geom was groaning, trying to get back up.

Mount Hua’s disciples screamed.

“Akkkk!Move! You bastard! I will kill you!”

Son Wol’s subordinates attacked the disciples of Mount Hua before they could assist him. And before anyone knew, the disciples of Mount Hua were on defense and offense at the same time.

Their stomachs felt as if they were being torn from the inside, as tears of blood dripped down, and yet they couldn’t close their eyes.

“Boarding House Leader!!!”

As they screamed desperately, Son Wol had a fishy smile.

His short spear pierced his throat.

No, it was trying to pierce when…

A roar loud enough to burst his ear came flying at Son Wol.

Son Wol widened his eyes and turned his head.

Sword blades made of Qi were coming at him.

His body sensing the danger of being killed, immediately moved the short spear from Un Geom’s throat to block the incoming sword Qi.

The flying sword Qi was gnawing at him.

The short spear bounced away. But even then, the sword Qi tore into his chest.

And blood spurted out.

Son Wol looked down at his chest, which looked like it had been split open, and staggered back.

Whose sword Qi was this?

His trembling gaze turned to the direction from where the sword Qi had come from.

The shortest way to Mount Hua

Was it the man who was rising up, or maybe it was the ground that was descending?

The moment the man appeared, the battlefield, which had been like a fierce flame, began to cool down.

The man raised his head and looked around.

His fallen sahyung sajaes.

The sect leader’s body which struggled to get up stained with blood, and looked like he would fall.

An elder whose body was blackened with poison.

Un Geom, without his right arm, collapsed to the ground.

Tang Soso screamed at the man who looked hard like a statue.

Hearing her voice full of crying and sadness, Chung Myung looked at Son Wol.

At that moment, Son Wol flinched.

Something felt different.

This wasn’t about being strong or weak. Son Wol was a person who lived on the battlefield. He knew how to figure out the one who served death.

This was why he couldn’t move.

It was because he understood with his body, not his mind, just how terrible his life would be now.

He couldn’t even feel any killing intent.

Do people turn cold when they are extremely infuriated?

Chung Myung looked at the group of Evil Sect members and said,

He spoke as if he was trying very hard not to let something flare up.

“… will not have a merciful death.”

Soon after, Chung Myung’s sword, which was hanging by his side, began to move for Son Wol like a ghost.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.