Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Chung Myung! Chung Myung!”

After a moment of silence, the gasps of the Mount Hua disciples could be heard.

“Chung Myung, you brat!”

Even Hyun Jong was a bit emotional.

And Yado, who was in front of him, couldn’t understand this strange turn of behavior.

The skills of this guy called Chung Myung, his potent sword Qi, was still stuck in his mind. With one sword he managed to cut through the daggers of Son Wol and wound him.

Yado was confident that he was the one who was always two steps ahead, but no matter how overprepared he looked, it seemed like defeat would be impossible unless they lost something.

And yet Son Wol, who would normally be raging, had been injured by a single slash of sword Qi thrown from such a large distance?

By a young taoist from Mount Hua?

Cold sweat ran down his spine.

Yado clenched his teeth at this fear which began to seep in.

‘Still, isn’t he just one guy?’

It was true that he had this aura about him, like a skilled master born from a battlefield, but if the entire battlefield could be controlled then one man couldn’t do much.

‘Why is my body not moving then?’

His blade was trembling.

His red eyes wouldn’t move away from this guy called Chung Myung who was walking up to him.

Chung Myung’s every step felt heavy on the ground.

Suddenly the battle halted.

The savage blades that were playing between Hyun Sang and Poison Bloody Hand came to a stop, it was as if all the desperate fighting before had become a lie.

And like a mouse jumping right into the nose of a snake…

The end of this moment might come with their heads chopped off.

Having come to understand this situation based on their instincts and not logic, they were all frozen in place.

Chung Myung hastened his steps, making his way toward the location where Un Geom was laying.

The warriors who were between Chung Myung and Son Wol gulped with their faces looking tensed.

The warriors of the Ten Thousand People Clan took small steps to the back as he approached, and their groans were suppressed.

Unless they were ordered to retreat, their flight now would only lead to a final defeat.

Only cold words came from Chung Myung’s mouth when he came in front of them. Exchanging a couple of glances, the crowd bit their lips before charging at him.

Along with a cry, dozens of warriors ran at Chung Myung.

They learned through countless fights that in order to live, they had to run at their target and not away.

Vivid colors of light shone from the blades and spears. This was perhaps the strongest attack they would ever make in their lives. Those who were cornered knew how to go out swinging.

A storm of Qi from blades and spears swept through all of Chung Myung. The human body was fragile and not made to handle so much Qi from an external source.

However, even through such a storm, the eyes of Chung Myung didn’t change. No, they were only becoming colder.

Chung Myung’s sword began to radiate sword Qi like a blazing flame. It wasn’t like the usual delicateness Chung Myung showed.

As if it would explode in an instant, the Plum Blossom Sword screamed in pain.

The plum sword, which was vibrating, soon exploded around the sword’s body.

A slash that seemed like it could split apart the world.

The spear and blades collided with the slashing sword. And like a river touching the sea, the attacks were absorbed without even leaving a trace behind, and soon these attacks began to crumble away one by one.

The slash literally broke the storm of Qi to pieces.

The Qi of Chung Myung, his sword Qi didn’t lose momentum and attacked the defenseless warriors.

The warriors hurriedly raised their weapons to block it, but it was futile.

The weapons blocking the sword Qi were cut down like weeds.

Everyone’s faces were stained with shock, and their eyes widened as they witnessed the terrifying sword getting close to them.

Losing their weapons meant that the next would be their bodies.

This was a sight that wouldn’t get along with the concept of Vedas.

The bodies of the warriors were swept away as the sword Qi moved through and mowed them down. That was all. The Qi of the sword scattered the broken bodies in all directions.

The sight of dozens of people being split apart at once and tossed around was so shocking that no one could actually get themselves to watch.

Bodies fell and blood continued to drip down the mangled corpses. It was as if the sky was raining blood.

It was a quiet world and the only thing which moved was Chung Myung.

And the sound of things cracking under his feet, and the sight of blood being stomped made everyone realize the situation.

Everyone was looking at Chung Myung, but his eyes were directed elsewhere.

Those who naturally gazed at Chung Myung followed his gaze.

His face was already pale.

‘W-What monster is he…’

He was trembling as he held onto his spear, which was cut in half.

His two spear pieces looked so smooth that he could see his face on the metal rod, and this gave him chills.

Despite feeling the pain from the cuts on his body, which were deep enough to expose bone, he lacked the strength to tend to his wounds at that moment.

The hair on his body was standing up and screaming that he should run from this danger. His entire body was telling him to run.

Son Wol couldn’t even take a single step.

The moment he turned he knew the sword would come for him, and he could feel that he would die.

And his corpse would only be known as Son Wol.

Cold sweat began to run down his forehead.

He had never heard of such a monster living within Mount Hua. Based on the information they were given, weren’t they supposed to be, at best, only decent warriors?

Well, regretting it now wouldn’t change anything.

Suddenly Chung Myung sped up making Son Wol flinch and step back.

And belatedly realizing what he did, he clenched his teeth and pushed his broken spear forward.

However, Chung Myung walked to a different place.

Chung Myung appeared at the place where Un Geom had fallen, his face pale and his arm severed.

There was a lot of blood loss from his many open wounds.

All that Chung Myung could say…

Chung Myung knelt down on one knee and touched the stomach of Un Geom.

When Chung Myung yelled loudly, Tang Soso who had slumped down, jumped up.

And realizing what she had to do, she rushed for Un Geom and Chung Myung with all her might.

Her face was pale as she checked the condition of Un Geom.

Chung Myung’s voice was as cold as a blizzard.

Tang Soso bit her lip as she nodded and began to crush the pill and push it down the throat of Un Geom.

Even so, she looked quite worried.

“His condition is quite critical….”

To be exact this was his wish, his wish was for his Sasuk not to die.

His earnestness and hope stopped Soso’s trembling.

“I will save him! No matter what!”

Chung Myung nodded slowly and then pushed all his Qi into the body of Un Geom.

On the other hand, Son Wol who was watching this felt fear, absurdity, and anger too.

He couldn’t understand what this was. It was so absurd that he couldn’t accept it. Treating a patient in front of him, Son Wol, the person with the greatest spear proficiency? With his back turned to him?

‘He doesn’t even notice me?’

Or was it because this man called Un Geom meant so much to him?

He knew that Chung Myung wasn’t a force he could normally deal with; he learned this from their earlier clash.

And yet this man was turning his back trying to treat his sasuk.

And it was dangerous to push one’s own internal Qi into another. Especially on a battlefield, this was never attempted.

Such an opening meant a lack of experience or an extreme amount.

So which one would this be?

Son Wol felt conflicted at this thought.

Instinct was telling him to run. But the sight in front of him was telling him to kill.

If he could land one hit then maybe he would win, with a spear right through the back…

He held his spear and before he could waste time thinking, he infused Qi into it.

With insane force, the spear was thrown.

The spear was turning around as it moved through the air and flew for Chung Myung’s back.

He shouted with all his might, and his head was sure he had won.

But before he could scream, an eerie sound rang out.

And the body of Son Wol staggered as he fell back.

Did his balance fall?

He couldn’t see anything strange which would make this happen.

Something long and familiar yet unfamiliar fell to the ground and blood pooled.

And then his eyes widened.

The moment he realized what that strange blood around him was, his right leg began to feel the most unbearable pain.

A scream close to an animal shout echoed out,

He groped the stump that used to be his leg. But no matter what he did, the situation didn’t change. Only empty space remained where his leg once was, and soon only blood remained in this empty space, his hands stained red.

A low voice told him as he was struggling with pain.

“Even if you don’t rush, you will die.”

The one talking was Chung Myung with a hand over the body of Un Geom. He managed to stop the bleeding by injecting his own internal Qi and blocking the blood flow, and his ability shocked Tang Soso.

This felt so natural.

He had seen people die countless times. He had desperately held onto them as that was his way of life.

So, he didn’t want to see such a sight again.

At least not in this lifetime.

Chung Myung’s gaze didn’t leave Un Geom. Deep wounds covered his entire body and his severed hand. This miserable sight only made Chung Myung’s blood run cold.

Such serious injuries rendered even the Soul Vitality Pill useless.

“Make sure he lives.”

Having done everything he could, Chung Myung got up.

Even so, he looked down at Un Geom one more time and turned around.

Chung Myung moved so slowly and knelt once again to pick something up.

The blood had been drained out and the arm had gone pale.

It felt bad that the fingers were trampled on and crushed.

Chung Myung lifted the arm and placed it right next to Un Geom.

And only after he paid the proper respects to his great sasuk did Chung Myung turn to Son Wol who was screaming in pain. It was a cold look.

The hand holding his sword was clenched tight.

Son Wol, who was screaming in pain, looked at Chung Myung holding his breath with fear.

His sword was dragged on the ground as Chung Myung coldly ordered,

“I told you. You will not have a graceful death.”

A terrifying killing intent was raging from the body of Chung Myung making breathing hard. His face was slowly contorting in anger like that of a demon.

“Get up. I will give you the most brutal death in the world.”

His bloodshot eyes stared right into Son Wol.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.