Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

His mind went blank.

His outstretched hand trembled as it scratched the ground.

His leg, which was fine a minute ago, was cut off in an instant. It wasn’t just the sudden severing of his leg which drove Son Wol into this fearful panic, but how it all had happened.

‘What is this?! What!’

He had never heard of anyone like this.

Pushing one’s internal Qi into another was no different from cultivating for another, so how on earth could he use sword Qi when doing such a difficult task?!

If Son Wol had faced Chung Myung head-on, he would never have his leg lopped off in a single attack.

So how could he imagine that someone healing another could do this? This was carelessness, the height of carelessness on his part, and this made him angry.

He let out a beastly groan and raised his head. And all he could see was Chung Myung approaching him with his sword in hand.

The figure of Chung Myung approaching with an expressionless face and blood-soaked hands was no different from seeing the God of Death.

Beyond the coldness in his voice, there were no other positive or negative emotions within the words that entered the ears of Son Wol.

The sound of Chung Myung’s sword scrapping on the floor shook his ears.

“I told you I’d brutally kill you.”

Son Wol’s eyes were filled with fear.

Couldn’t he tell by how his subordinates were cut down in a single hit? And how easily he had lost a leg?

This guy was different from the normal warriors he had faced from the Justice Faction. He seemed like the type who, after saying something, would stick to it like a promise.

His last step felt so creepy.

“W-What! What are you doing?! Stop! Nowwww!”

The atmosphere of this battlefield took a turn with his scream. The sense of reality which had been thrown out the window earlier finally returned to the audience of this spectacle.

“Protect the captain!”

The subordinates of Son Wol rushed in to fill the gap between Chung Myung and Son Wol.

“No farther, you fucking bastard!”

But this time, the tables turned, and it was the Mount Hua disciples who didn’t let them go. Those in the back couldn’t help, but the ones in the front advanced with their sword Qi.

This was the moment when the disciples of Mount Hua, who had been pushed back till now, took an offensive stance.

“Get out! Fucking brats!”

Their enemies shouted, but the swordsmen of Mount Hua didn’t let them go.

However, the dozen or so warriors who managed to escape the mayhem flooded into the gap between Chung Myung and Son Wol.

The one who stepped forward had stepped into their own decapitation, falling down, and making everyone flinch and halt their movements.

As Chung Myung briefly shook his sword, the blood from the corpse splattered onto the floor.

A ghastly voice escaped from Chung Myung’s mouth.

“Meaning to let any of you live either. If you want to die early, I will grant it to you early.”

Chung Myung’s feet stepped onto the ground as if he was trying to crush it.

At the same time, red sword Qi rose from his outstretched sword. The sword Qi became a darker shade of red and extended like a blood-stained blade as hundreds of plum blossoms were drawn out.

All the spectator’s eyes widened at once.

Of course, it wasn’t the first time they had seen this. Even when dealing with the kids from Mount Hua, they had seen this sword technique.

But this was different. This was the same, yet not the same.

Even though it looked like the same technique, it felt different because of the man using it. Each petal seemed to have its own movement; as if each of them were alive. It was a sight that looked even closer to magic.

The person in front moved forward with the intent to kill and raised his blade. His body moved before he could even think; after pulling the internal Qi from his dantian, he swung his sword.

As if to prove the training he had endured wasn’t in vain, the blade Qi violently moved forward as if it would crush everything.

No matter how rough and strong the blade felt, no matter how strong the Qi it held, it couldn’t cut through these flower petals.

The plum blossom petals pushed through the tiny cracks where the blade couldn’t reach.

By the time he noticed, he had realized it was too late.

The moment the fluttering petals touched his wrist, blood sprayed out.

With a wound deep enough to reveal the bones in his wrist, his sword had lost its momentum.

As he realized this, the world seemed to be covered with plum blossoms.

Petals swept over his body.

Then came a desperate scream; those who were by his side were also covered in red plum blossoms.

With a heavy sound, all the warriors standing in front had collapsed as if they were slammed into the ground.

Those who watched this, were at a loss for words.

There was a reason why it was evaluated as a technique not suitable for the Justice Factions; it was a particularly vicious and appalling technique.

Before they could even close their eyes, blood gushed out from the bodies of those who had stopped breathing.

The hearts of the soon-to-be victims went cold.

Was this their first time watching their comrades dying by a sword? No, but this felt so different from what had been seen till now.

Even at a glance, the fallen bodies were untouched from head to toe.

How many twists and turns could one single sword even do to make so many cuts that put down a man?

One could tell from the wounds that there was no chance of winning.

While everyone looked shocked, Chung Myung only looked expressionless.

Every time he took a step, blood pooled on the ground, and Chung Myung would walk on it.

The warriors shook their heads, knowing running wouldn’t work.

Their teeth clashed, their bodies gone cold.

‘Who can even stop him?’

Only then did they realize how reckless they were to come here.

But their mistake was already irreversible.

The tips of their blades trembled in shock, but no one could blame them. The fact that they were not running away was something to be appreciated.

Their minds had gone blank.

“Stop! Stop him, you bastards!”

Even in the midst of this, the screams of Son Wol didn’t stop.

But they couldn’t follow his orders, yet they couldn’t even rebel against him, either. The situation they were in now was too terrible to react to.

But fortunately, they didn’t have to worry much longer.

When was his sword unleashed?

When they came back to their senses, their eyes were already covered with red plum blossoms. And they already understood what those plum blossoms meant. They couldn’t help but realize how dangerous this was.

Even so, in the moment, they thought of how beautiful this was… it wasn’t their fault.

‘This is an illusion.’

And the illusion trampled on their bodies, which were too stiff to use their hands.

Desperate screams echoed again.

And when the rain of plum blossoms bloomed like an illusion disappearing…

There wasn’t a single person left who blocked the space between Son Wol and Chung Myung.

The sight created by this sword was beautiful, but the place that the illusion swept away was truly miserable.

Chung Myung spoke very slowly, standing among the fallen bloody corpses.

“Now, it is your turn.”

Son Wol’s eyes were red like they would explode any second.

He rammed his spear into the ground and raised himself with all his might. With a leg lost, he stumbled quite a bit.

His eyes even had blood vessels bursting within as he glared at Chung Myung with rage, fear, and anger.

He pulled his spear out of the ground and grabbed it with both hands as he aimed it at Chung Myung.

“Don’t… look down… on me.”

Chung Myung cut his words short.

Son Wol bit his lip. He bit so hard that his teeth dug into his flesh.

Son Wol began to push all the Qi he had left into his short spear, and he began to rotate the spear despite it tearing off the flesh from his hand.

What little meaning did that skin have compared to his life?

He threw his spear with the speed of lightning.

This blow he threw, Seven Snakes and Frogs Detection, was released with enormous energy. The Qi split into seven and flew forward as if aiming for a frog, in this case, Chung Myung.

Although he had lost a leg, this man was still doing better than most.

It was clear how he had clearly proven himself to be one of the captains of the Ten Thousand People Clan.

But his opponent was Chung Myung.

And despite watching the attack approaching him, Chung Myung took a step forward.

The Plum Blossom Sword, which struck the seven Qi attacks, bent them.

Hitting them and deflecting them, Chung Myung moved forward.

And at that moment, the five other attacks flew in, aiming for the body of Chung Myung.

Son Wol’s eyes widened.

Chung Myung disappeared on the spot as if his body had vanished.

Son Wol was shocked and raised his Qi as much as he could, but even so, it was too late…

Son Wol’s head bent up as if it would break. Finally, the shape of a person falling like a bird clearly entered his vision.

The sound of a sword cutting something down.

But then another sound came.

The sound of something similar to metal falling to the ground.

Son Wol lowered his gaze to see his short spear falling down, along with his hand.

As he slowly moved his gaze, he could see his wrist falling along with it. Rather, it felt odd that he didn’t even feel any pain.

His trembling gaze looked forward, and Chung Myung stared at him so close that he could touch him if he reached out his hand.

“I am a man who keeps his promises.”

The pain felt when his shoulder was pierced brought him back to reality. As a sword pierced his body and swung back, his body followed along with it.

Son Wol desperately threw his body with the one leg he had…

If this continued, he would die.

He could actually die from…

“Where are you going?”

His stomach was cut open as blood gushed down like a waterfall.

His face was cut, and one side of his vision was blacked out.

As if playing tricks, Chung Myung continued to apply cuts one after another. Just like this man had hurt Un Geom a moment ago.

Son Wol made a fuss at the pain.

His one remaining hand was cocked back,

However, before he could even throw a punch, his arm was cut off from the elbow.

The sole thigh that supported him was finally cut, and Son Wol could no longer maintain his balance, falling to the ground.

The sword of Chung Myung sliced through his exposed upper body.

In the blink of an eye, dozens of times, making horrid slashing sounds.

Dozens of slashing stabs onto his chest.

His eyes suddenly began to lose their light. He even opened his mouth as if wanting to say something, but the blood flowing back into his throat didn’t let that happen.

“Wills are left by those who are human.”

The sword of Chung Myung reached his throat.

“You die like a worm. Even that is too much mercy for you.”

No hesitation and no mercy. The sword pierced Son Wol’s neck.

And the man went cold, without any life remaining.

Chung Myung, who drew out his sword, tried to clean off the dirty blood by shaking it.

Everything felt silent.

Chung Myung, who had been staring at the body of Son Wol falling down, turned around.

The people of the Ten Thousand People Clan trembled.

Soon, the cold voice of Chung Myung was heard again.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.