Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

This wasn’t the first time Chung Myung had shown his skills.

Mount Hua’s disciples were aware that his level of martial arts was something they could not compare to.

But even after taking all that into account, Chung Myung’s skills were still shocking. Moreover, what truly surprised the disciples of Mount Hua, was the fact that Chung Myung’s hands were capable of cruelty.

‘Chung Myung… you brat.’

Hyun Jong looked at him sadly.

His sword and actions were too cruel to be coming from a Taoist.

But he couldn’t blame Chung Myung because he knew just how large the lump of anger that was within this child’s heart. And with that, he could only feel sadness within that child’s sword, and not cruelty.

Every move of Chung Myung’s sword was executed with regret.

Hyung Jong bit his lip.

This entire space felt dominated by Chung Myung. Not to mention the people from the Ten Thousand People Clan couldn’t even take their eyes off him.

It showed just how cautious they were, and with this change in the flow of battle, Mount Hua could now win this.

“What are you doing!”

Hyun Jong’s voice felt like lightning to the disciples from Mount Hua.

The disciples looked at him in shock, but he kept his gaze on Yado in front of him.

“Mount Hua isn’t a place that would let a single Chung disciple fight its’ battles!”

The disciples of Mount Hua bit their lips at this. Hands clenched around their swords, and soon without realizing it, their swords look quite strong… at least to their enemies.

“We are the ones who will protect Mount Hua. No one can protect Mount Hua on their own!”

These words were spoken to the disciples of Mount Hua, who depended on Chung Myung. And, at the same time, a message meant for Chung Myung.

‘It might be insignificant.’

He himself felt so washed.

If he had been stronger, if Mount Hua had been stronger, this lone child with his sword in hand wouldn’t have to bear so much of the burdens.

The enemies invaded and one of their own was brought to the gates between life and death.

This was a sad thing, an unfortunate thing.

Then how could they let Chung Myung take the blame for this?

“Raise your swords?”

There was anger in his voice.

“Prove to yourselves that you are proud swordsmen from Mount Hua!”

Show that you can win without someone taking care of you!

At the orders of Hyun Jong, the disciples from Mount Hua rushed at the nearest enemy.

Yado’s face went stiff.

The atmosphere of the battlefield reversed in an instant. Considering that morale played one of the largest roles in a battle, it was like the scales had been tilted.

The charging Mount Hua disciples’ swords were no longer shaking, and the people from the Ten Thousand People Clan were clearly unable to demonstrate their skills.

It was only natural.

When a tiger was approaching from behind, who would pay attention to the fox right in front of them?

Everyone was looking forward, but their minds were still stuck on Chung Myung.

It was clear that unless someone blocked out the image of Chung Myung, they wouldn’t be able to use even half their skills.

This was how the existence or absence of a powerhouse changed the flow of battles.

Yado gritted his teeth at Son Wol, who had become a corpse.

Son Wol was a member who couldn’t have been defeated that easily. It was true that this guy called Chung Myung wasn’t someone Yado could be careless with, but Son Wol wasn’t so weak either.

If only he had used his skills, he might have been able to handle fifty attacks, but even that would be difficult.

But, even if he were defeated after fifty moves, that wouldn’t have brought down the morale this much. But what could be done after that idiot had died so easily?

Yado glared at Hyun Jong.

Even Hyun Jong, who was looking lost a second ago, had regained his confidence. In this way, it wouldn’t be easy to subdue his opponent.

When he slightly turned his gaze to the side, he could see Hyun Sang gaining momentum against his opponent.

“Will you try to hold me back? Wouldn’t it be better just to let this go? A lot better to take that guy as my opponent than deal with a weakling?”

He tried to provoke him, but Hyun Jong didn’t seem to care.

“What do you think is the difference between Justice and Evil factions?”

“It has to do with shame.”

Hyun Jong stared right at his opponent.

“Surely that child is stronger than me. Stronger than anyone in this place.”

Hyun Jong’s calm voice resounded,

“But even so, I have no intention of letting him fight to keep myself safe. No one who has shame would ever commit such an act.”

Hyun Jong bit his lip as he spoke.

Cannot caress people…

Then, he should at least share some of the burdens that weighed down on that child’s shoulders. If he couldn’t do that, how could Hyun Jong call himself the sect leader of Mount Hua?

“All the disciples of Mount Hua are training and working hard to walk alongside that child. Martial art sects do not rely on people. Rather, they walk together.”

Yado smiled at this.

He couldn’t understand what Hyun Jong was saying. He knew one thing for sure, their paths were too different to understand each other.

Kangho belonged to those who proved themselves through force.

If Yado could lead his people to destroy Mount Hua now, Hyun Jong’s words would be incorrect. But the opposite was true when Hyun Jong was winning.

Yado had never been wrong up till now.

“Surely… your morale has risen,” Yado Smirked, “But I hope you haven’t convinced yourself that you won.”

Hyun Jong looked at him with questioning eyes.

“Really, this is why the words of our leader can’t be ignored. I had wondered why he requested so many to deal with one small sect.”

Yado’s face distorted as he screamed,

And he quickly glanced back, gritting his teeth.

“Fucking brat! Will you not crawl in now? Do a few more have to die for you to understand the situation!”

The moment Yado screamed, it sounded like a lion was roaring upon Mount Hua.

“Don’t make a fuss.”

Hyun Jong’s eyes widened as he looked up.

A man wrapped in black bandages that spanned his whole body was standing on the walls of the sect, looking at Chung Myung.

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, Chung Myung…”

Black Jackal clenched his hands and opened them as the sounds of bones cracking could be heard.

‘The one who provided the intel for us needs to be cut down.’

How could one rate this child as just another skilled warrior?

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, Chung Myung, and the Righteous Sword of Mount Hua, Baek Cheon.”

At the hands of Mount Hua, two captains were killed. This was something that some of the strongest sects would be unable to accomplish.

‘They need to be taken down.’

Black Jackal judged that if Mount Hua were left like this, they would become a threat to anyone and everyone around. If only they could realize this fact and erase this hurdle named Mount Hua, they could live peacefully.

Black Jackal turned to Chung Myung.

Chung Myung had also been paying attention to the man the moment he had shown up. It was as if he had known in advance that this man was here.

His hands made the strange sounds of bones.

As soon as he spoke, many black shadows began to line up to his right and left.

The warriors draped in their black robes looked dark and ominous, like a flock of crows.

And one could tell in a single glance.

It meant that these warriors were on a different level compared to the normal warriors of the Ten Thousand People Clan.

The victory they thought was here got snatched in an instant.

“If you came out right from the start, this wouldn’t have happened!”

Black Jackal turned to Yado, who was screaming in anger, and as their gazes met, he went silent and avoided looking at him.

A special group that was directly under their Lord and only took orders from him. They had a level of cruelty that would make most people avert their eyes. And their leader, Black Jackal, was a being that even the captains had feared.

Yado, who couldn’t bear the sight of his covered face, turned to Hyun Jong.

And his emotions were poured on Hyun Jong.

“Even if you talk all proud of yourself, the situation hasn’t changed. Nothing has changed just because this Chung Myung guy joined in. He cannot do anything by himself.”

Hearing this, Hyun Jong nodded,

“This isn’t something that can be done alone.”

His entire body was covered in wounds, and his white robes were soaked in blood till they were red, yet this old swordsman hadn’t lost his dignity.

“But didn’t I tell you? Everyone is here to keep that child from being alone.”

“Did that seem like not enough?”

Hearing this, Yado’s eyes narrowed.

The moment Black Jackal appeared, their side was the one that should have gained morale. No matter how strong Chung Myung was, he couldn’t deal with an entire troop on his own.

Even if that were possible, it would change nothing. While he fought with Black Jackal, none of the other Mount Hua disciples would be able to survive.

Why was this old man still looking so assured?

To his confusion, Hyun Jong said,

“Didn’t I tell you? I am a person who knows shame.”

Hyun Jong shook his head and said,

“More than anything, what brings me shame is that I am not able to do much to stop that child from moving alone.”

Yado’s face contorted.

“Even if the day comes when Mount Hua collapses, there will still be children who will stand by that child. And so….”

Hyun Jong turned to Chung Myung,

“I will make sure to hold my place.”

At that moment, someone in a white robe leaped from the cliff behind Chung Myung and soared into the sky.

After that, several figures appeared from that cliff. And they all landed on the right and left side of Chung Myung in perfect order.

And the gaze of the one who arrived first landed on Un Geom, who was being treated by Tang Soso.

Biting down his lip, he turned to Hyun Jong, who was covered in lacerations that only twisted and contorted his face.

Anger was clearly visible on his face.

Yoon Jong and Jo Gul couldn’t hold in their anger.

In particular, Yu Yiseol couldn’t take her eyes off Hyun Jong’s wounds.

A ghostly feeling shone from her face, which was always so indifferent.

“… I will kill you.”

Hae Yeon, who had arrived a little later than the others, approached the disciples of Mount Hua.

Baek Cheon nodded his head without answering.

All the disciples of Mount Hua and Hae Yeon stood to the right and left of Chung Myung, who was only glaring with cold eyes at their opponents.

Fixing his gaze ahead, Baek Cheon said,

“… we were a little late.”

Chung Myung replied in a low voice.

The Five Swords of Mount Hua pulled out their swords in unison.

Baek Cheon quietly warned them,

“Do not lose your cool.”

He growled this time,

“You don’t have to be merciless either!”

Everyone responded by holding their swords firmly. A brief moment of tension and determination swept across their faces.

Baek Cheon, who took a short breath, let out a roar,

“Fucking kill all of them!”

Like five rays of light, the people of Mount Hua split up and moved.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.