Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Baek Cheon’s hair fluttered in the wind as he glared at Yado.

Yado’s body was covered in minor wounds, but Baek Cheon’s sword hadn’t managed to leave any serious wounds.

A situation where Yado held the advantage, yet he also appeared anxious.

This mission was supposed to be simple.

It was said that Mount Hua, a thing of the past, was trying to regain their footing. On the other hand, the Ten Thousand People Clan currently held great authority within Kangho.

In such a place, he thought that having to commit two troops and an assassination unit was too much. But… How did things turn out like this?

Yado’s eyes scanned the surroundings.

‘Black Jackal, you fucking bastard!’

The Black Swan troop, whom they believed in, had gone and left the battle to go fight against Chung Myung. And his subordinates, who should have wiped out the disciples of Mount Hua, were being blocked by two young men who had suddenly appeared.

If that were the case, either he or Poison Bloody Hand should shake th–

Yado managed to twist his body, but a sharp sword glided over the surface of his cheek.

Blood began to drip down from the fresh wound, and a burning pain spread through his face.

“You fucking trash!”

His eyes shone in anger.

But, he couldn’t recklessly attack. It was because this guy in front of him was a lot more difficult to handle than he thought.

This kid’s undisturbed body reminded him of a boulder. Yado couldn’t hide his growing irritation and spat on the ground.

He could understand just how skilled this guy was despite his young age.

Yado knew well that this world wasn’t fair. Within Kangho, there were monsters who could attain true strength in a couple of months and those who would struggle for decades before rising a single step.

Yet, he had composure that didn’t suit his age… where did it come from?

On the battlefield, surrounded by blood, even those who were experienced would lose their composure and become anxious.

However, this guy maintained a firm sense of balance like an old man.

‘Are all the people from Mount Hua like this?’

Just like Hyun Jong had done until a monster returned, Baek Cheon was also holding on. Even if he couldn’t win, he endured, not wanting to let go of his sword so his opponent didn’t reach the other disciples.

And Yado was already exhausted from his first opponent.

It was difficult to understand with common sense how such a young disciple like him was stronger than an elder from another sect, especially since he was from a supposedly ruined sect.

The moment Yado was about to speak, Baek Cheon stepped forward and came for him at a horrifying speed, making his sword look almost alive, stabbing at Yado’s life.

Yado twisted his head to avoid this sword, and his blade moved horizontally…

Before his blade could fully gain strength, Baek Cheon took this pause to recoup his balance and swung his sword. Because of this the internal qi in Yado’s blade, which couldn’t be released in a clash, moved back to Yado’s wrist, causing him deep pain.

The blade, which had all its qi pushed back, shook for an instant as plum blossoms began to appear.

Without thinking about anything else, Yado immediately threw his body back.

Still, the sword cut his body, making blood splatter. Yado, who rolled his body back to avoid the hit, corrected his form and glared at Baek Cheon.

Baek Cheon clenched his sword without another word.

That stubborn look made Yado’s heart run cold. It was the eyes of a beast that had caught its prey.

Hidden behind those eyes had to be anger, and Yado sighed.

‘This isn’t the time to be thinking about others.’

If he didn’t fight properly, then he would be hit.

“Why are you so angry, kid? You seem to be shaking.”

It was a light provocation to change the flow, and surprisingly, Baek Cheon responded to it,

“… people like you wouldn’t understand even if I told you a hundred times.”

Baek Cheon spoke coldly,

“How dare you decide to hurt someone like that, when he is someone who means a lot to us.”

Cold anger was what Baek Cheon was feeling.

In any sect, their sect leader was the symbol of their existence, and it was a great humiliation if a sect leader fell at the hands of people from another sect.

However, the anger felt by the disciples of Mount Hua was different from straight humiliation.

How could Hyung Jong be considered just another sect leader?

He was someone who willingly gave up everything to support his disciples. To the disciples of Mount Hua, Hyung Jong was their father, teacher, and a precious person to follow and protect.

How could they forgive someone who attacked Hyun Jong so brutally?

A chilly anger that could freeze everything around, feeling this, Yado smiled,

“As I thought. As expected.”

At that moment, his blade began to display blade qi.

The sword that blocked his blade bent back as if it would explode, and Baek Cheon’s body was pushed back at the formidable strength.

“You got too excited, just like any other kid.”

Baek Cheon clenched his teeth as the hand holding his sword trembled, just like his legs. This guy called Yado was a step above Red Snake Blade.

Which meant he was a tough opponent to deal with.

“What will change from you enduring?”

Yado smiled down at Baek Cheon.

“It is only just enduring. In the end, everyone will die at my hands. It seems like the one called Chung Myung is the one you are waiting to come and help you. But, no one has survived the hands of Black Swan before. I think you should be thankful if his corpse is intact.”

Yado, who recalled Black Swan’s dark visage, trembled lightly as if he was fed up.

His mood had soured, but if he could choose an ally, then it would be Black Jackal, who could cut down their opponent’s life in a moment.

“I feel quite sad for the one called Chung Myung. That man there, he doesn’t just kill people. He makes them taste the most horrible pain in the world before dying.”

A truly terrifying thing.

But instead of worrying, Baek Cheon laughed,

“You don’t seem to know anything.”

“He is someone who never feels bad about anything. I feel sorry for those who actually have to go against him.”

No matter how hard that idiot tried, he would never fail in front of someone. That was the personality Baek Cheon knew.

“Do not be mistaken. We are not waiting for Chung Myung.”

In Baek Cheon’s eyes, there was firm will.

“If I wait for him because I cannot handle this properly, I won’t have anything to say even if someone breaks my head. If I cannot win against you, then am I worthy enough to be called sasuk by him?”

“… I knew that this place was full of crazy people.”

Yado shook his head and held his blade,

“I will crush that mouth of yours in ten seconds.”

“Try it if you can.”

For an instant, Baek Cheon’s eyes scanned around.

A loud booming sound rose from the side.

Hae Yeon was pushing back Poison Bloody Hand. It was partly because Hae Yeon’s martial arts were so strong that he wasn’t inferior to the captains of another sect, but also because Shaolin’s martial arts were completely antithetical to theirs.

As expected, the face of Poison Bloody Hand was full of disappointment. It seemed like there was nothing to be done.

Behind him were the disciples of Mount Hua dealing with their opponents and pushing them back.

In terms of skills, Jo Gul was one of the best swordsmen on Mount Hua. He had the habit of getting too excited and making a mess of things, so he made many mistakes compared to the ability he held. But Yoon Jong was also there to perfectly control him.

Jo Gul was starting to get excited, but Yoon Jong holding his reins made for good work.

Perhaps thanks to not missing a moment to ride the rising morale, everyone was doing well.

There was only Baek Cheon left. If he could overcome Yado, victory on the battlefield would be brought to Mount Hua.

Blade qi rushed for Baek Cheon, and Baek Cheon used his internal qi as much as possible to block it.

The moment the sword and blade collided, the air seemed to burst.

The force of the blade made Baek Cheon kilter off balance.

A suppressed groan escaped from his mouth, but he didn’t have the time to feel pain.

Yado, who jumped up, moved to his target. The power of his blade continued to gain momentum, and the inertia of his attacks grew.

Baek Cheon gritted his teeth at the attack, which he didn’t even dare to block head-on. Instead, he slammed his fist into the ground and used the recoil to throw his body back.

The floor made of sapphire was crushed like tofu and scattered around.

As soon as Baek Cheon raised his body after rolling on the ground to avoid the attack, he looked up.

Instantly, Yado’s foot hit him in the chest, making him fly back.

Baek Cheon moved through the air in front of Jo Gul, making the latter shake off his opponent and catch Baek Cheon.

At his cry, Baek Cheon, who was half-conscious, opened his eyes fully, and he pushed Jo Gul away as he got back up.

Spitting out blood and sputum, he calmed his trembling legs.

“… you are pretty good.”

Yado smiled as he walked to him,

“It seems like you have the strength to let your mouth run wild.”

“Bugs. I will crush you all to death!”

Baek Cheon took a step forward this time.

Jo Gul tried to stop him, but Baek Cheon pushed him away.

“He is my opponent.”

Baek Cheon knew very well that if he were pushed back, then the morale of Mount Hua would collapse.

He had to endure Yado regardless of whether he had to hit him in the ankles or even the crotch.

“I feel like crying.”

Yado couldn’t hold back his anger anymore and screamed,

“Young bastards and the old ones too, they all piss me off as if that was their only role!”

He didn’t even look at the person who called for him.

With the sound of the north side of the battle exploding and blood splattering.

“You fucking trash! Are you wasting time here, unable to defeat even such young people?”

“Kill them all! If you cannot kill them all in half an hour, then I will have to kill you all myself!”

All the remaining troops began to move to kill the disciples of Mount Hua.

The existence of a skilled warrior.

Until a while back, Chung Myung’s existence was the one that scared them, but now the warning of Yado was also pushing them.

Baek Cheon bit his lip.

Concerned about the situation, he tried to hold Yado…

“Jo Gul! Yoon Jong!”

“I will tie him down! Protect the others!”

The two nodded their heads with determined faces.

The people of the Ten Thousand People Clan, who were given one order from their captain, moved differently from before.

Even with heightened morale, the situation, which looked hopeful, began to crumble as the disciples of Mount Hua were pushed back.

‘Right. This is how it should be.’

When the mood changed, even the weakest could do something.

And to put it another way, if the momentum was killed for the other group, they couldn’t fight as effectively.

It seems like the Righteous Sword of Mount Hua and a couple more were good, but most of the disciples of Mount Hua were still only moving based on their rising morale.

“Come at me. I will kill them…”

Yado turned his head.

To the place where the roar of a lion could be heard.

Someone seemed to be running through the gates of Mount Hua.

An old man with a face full of anger.

“This…this fucking…euk!Oh my, damn it! I might die.”

The lion’s roar, which burst from afar, was an old man who didn’t seem that great.

His whole body was drenched in sweat, and hair stuck to his face. He even had to kneel down to gasp for air.

“… Elder Hyun Young?”

Yoon Jong blankly called him.

Hearing that, Hyun Young raised his head.

And he roared again,

“How dare you fucking Evil Faction people come here! You damned bastards!”

At the large shout that kept cursing them to their souls, everyone turned to look at him.

Behind Hyun Young, who stood tall after gasping for air, the rest of the disciples from Mount Hua, who just arrived, began to rush in like a tidal wave.

And… order collapsed.

“Go and do your work!”

At the same time, Hyun Young pulled his sword out, and the disciples, who were drenched in sweat, rushed forward with bloodshot eyes.

They ran like wild animals wanting to eat their prey.

Baek Cheon clenched his fist and turned to the side.

Chung Myung, who disappeared with Black Jackal, was confusing Baek Cheon because of what Yado had said a moment ago.

He collected himself and shouted,

“Come on! Till the end, we will hold on with our hands!”

Baek Cheon jumped toward Yado.

‘I believe in you, Chung Myung.’

Now was the time to do what he had to do.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.