Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The force with which the sword cut through the rain was quite alarming. The soaring members of the Black Swan troop began to descend like birds from the sky.

Chung Myung looked at this scene with calm eyes and drew out red plum blossoms from the tip of his sword.

Plum blossoms floating through the pouring rain.

It was safe to say that the Plum Blossom Sword techniques used to subdue an opponent and the ones used to kill an opponenet were quite different sword techniques. And the ones Chung Myung was showing during this fight were entirely different from the ones he had used before.

A sword used solely to kill their opponent… hundreds of blossoms appearing full of life.

The sword was ruthless as it swung through the air, much as the swordsman who was wielding it.

Finally, a groan left the mouth of one of the assassins who rushed at Chung Myung. Each of the members knew that for the sake of winning this battle they would have to toe the line with death, but right now, they were feeling fear fill every corner of their body.

If they threw themselves to these plum blossoms, their bodies would be torn to pieces.

A shout to increase their morale.

They had been trained to not waste even a single breath until their target had been killed. But, in order to overcome their fear, they had to resist their training.

Internal qi, which had been infused into the blades, made them tremble, and three blades moved like arrows through the plum blossoms.

The power concentrated into a single point began to crush the plum blossoms, scattering those affected by this force.

The plum blossoms that stood between them and Chung Myung scattered one after another. Even through all of this, the force behind these three blades didn’t slow down in the slightest.

No matter how strong his internal qi was, it would be difficult to maintain these plum blossoms against the focused efforts of their swords, especially when they were directed at one point—

The plum blossoms which stood firm began to weirdly sway softly, and at the same time…

…as if the wind was blowing them, they all began to fly toward their opponents.

This was expected. However, if their sword qi made its way into his body they would be able to rush and stab him! It was like giving up a pound of flesh to take the bones of your opponent…

One of the three hands which held a blade was severed, and the image of this discarded body part falling to the ground was clearly seen in the eyes of the remaining Black Swan troops.

The pain where his hand should be was great, but the assassin gritted his teeth and decided to wield his blade again by sticking it into the stump where his hand should be. Or, he was trying to.

But this felt greedy…

Petals lightly brushed his wrist. He felt a slight stinging pain, and a long red line was drawn on his arm.

He thought this much could be endured.

The red line deepened and the wound opened in an instant.

Seeing the exposed bones on his forearm, all the remaining members were shocked.

More fluttering petals.

The petals moved left and right, lodging into stomachs, shoulders, and ears.

Only after their sword hands were severed, their necks sliced, and their stomachs pierced by these petals, that they finally realized.

Waves of plum blossoms swept over his whole body. Dozens, no, hundreds of petals split into their flesh, cut their bones, pierced through their bodies.

Blood flowed down with the rain and splattered on the ground.

Eventually, when the petals faded, all that was left was a shape that had once been a person a second ago.

“AHHHHHH!You devil!”

Those who saw this gruesome death screamed in anger, but nothing could be turned back.

A sword stabbed through the plum blossoms and pierced the neck of an assassin who was charging at Chung Myung.

The sound of the sword cutting through flesh was so clear despite the rain.

Blood gurgled in their throat and a groan escaped, but Chung Myung’s eyes remained cold as he cut the life of this man short.

The moment he tried to push away the body and retrieve his sword…

The one with the pierced throat raised his hands and grabbed Chung Myung’s sword with both of his hands.

The assassin’s eyes were full of anger.

As if not wanting to miss this chance, their hands were pushing the sword further in, scraping their bones.

He was willing to die, if it meant not letting go of Chung Myung.

Realizing what they were trying to do when two other members flew for Chung Myung’s exposed back, Chung Myung’s lips twitched upwards.

Eventually, instead of wrestling with the man, he pushed the sword further in. Realizing what he was trying to do, those attacking became horrified…

Chung Myung pushed his sword completely through the assassin and ended his life there in an instant.

And Chung Myung also moved forward between the vivisected corpse. Hot blood drenched his body, but Chung Myung didn’t even blink an eye.

After tearing through the corpse of his opponent, he turned and kicked the pieces which hadn’t fallen down towards the ones coming at him from behind.

The kick sent blood spraying everywhere.

His attackers, shocked at the sight, shrieked and changed their path.

Chung Myung didn’t miss this chance.

His feet kicked off the ground in an instant.

The tip of his sword trembled as it narrowed the distance in a flash. As if time had sped up, plum blossoms instantly bloomed before being swept throughout the battlefield.

In a single instant, dozens of holes were poked into the body of an assassin, and before Chung Myung could cut him down, the man stopped breathing.

Chung Myung’s movements were unstoppable.

The eerie sound of the air being sliced and the distinct noise of a thud were the only things which accompanied Chung Myung’s sword as it went for another assassin’s neck.

The frightened man instinctively raised his hands without even thinking about swinging his blade.

Without losing momentum, Chung Myung’s sword pierced through the arms and neck of his opponent. With both arms injured, the assassin flinched.

But right now, Chyung Myung wasn’t the kind to let go of an opponent, he rushed faster at the others.

His wet hair looked darker, and blood stained his body.

The foot of a retreating assassin was caught by something on the ground, making him tumble back. Soon, he was overwhelmed by Chung Myung’s looming sight.

His blood soaked face was like that of a demon. But in contrast, his eyes looked calm, sunken, and cold.

Without hesitation, Chung Myung’s sword dug into him. The assassin tried to block with all his might, but the sword sliced along his arms till it reached his neck for a final…

With his windpipe pierced, blood had flown back into his throat and was stuck there.

“You shouldn’t have come to a battlefield if you weren’t prepared to be touched by the blood of your comrades.”

There was an eerie smile on the lips of Chung Myung.

His words made everyone stand still.

And, without regret, Chung Myung split open the neck of the man and got up.

Blood and rain mixed together as they fell down Chung Myung’s face. And to him, the smell of blood felt unpleasent, yet too familiar at the same time.

Chung Myung raised a hand and wiped his face.

The sensation of his sword slicing through the neck of the assassin could still be felt in his fingers.

This was a feeling that was very normal…

He turned his gaze to his other opponents. Those who couldn’t hastily retreat were now all on guard. Like a pack of wolves ready to hunt, they were cautious.

However, even though they looked like wolves, their eyes spoke a different story. Their once vicious and evil eyes were nowhere to be found, replaced by a look of pure horror.

Chung Myung approached them with the sword being dragged.

The opponents who were in the direction he was walking, flinched and took a step back.

The only thing they could do was die in the hopes of taking their opponent with them. But… wasn’t that a dog’s death?

Their ears picked up an eerie sound.

One of the assassins, who was stepping back, slowly lowered his gaze and saw a hand wrapped in black bandages protruding from his chest.

Immediately, blood spilled from this assassin’s mouth, making the man look back with trembling eyes.

A ghastly voice came from the owner of the hand.

A strange sound came from the man with a hand protruding from his chest as he convulsed in pain, his vision slowly darkening.

Black Jackal pulled his hand out and didn’t even bother to look at his fallen subordinate. His gaze was focused solely on Chung Myung.

His mouth was covered with bandages, but you could still see when he opened his mouth,

“Join. Run. Grab and stretch.”

The eyes of his assassins were stained in fear.

If they couldn’t escape, then killing this monster was the only way to live.

It was more like a scream. The assassins’ eyes were stained red as they rushed for Chung Myung. Looking at their pattern of attack, Chung Myung took a slow breath.

Three in front, two in the back and one from above.

He wasn’t sure if this was all, but even with their life on the line, their movements felt foolish.

Chung Myung’s footsteps stopped and glided across the floor as he moved like a ghost towards the closest one.

Because they were the closest?

Their feet were the slowest, and they had the most fear in their eyes. Battle wasn’t about brawling. If the opponent showed any weakness, thoroughly bite down on it and chew. The battlefield was a place where someone’s neck could be slashed even before they noticed their opponent.

And Chung Myung followed the rules of the battlefield.

Before the entrapment could ensnare him, Chung Myung pounced, making the eyes of his opponents shake.

His opponent screamed as if they had been stabbed. When attacking, the sharpest sword was the deadliest. And when defending, the fastest was.

And Chung Myung didn’t miss that.

Chung Myung’s sword, with great power, collided with the blade. And just as the sounds of a clash occurred, the sound of a blade breaking followed.

Chung Myung, not losing momentum, dug his sword deep into their shoulder, cutting through their collarbone in one clean hit, and then continued through their upper body.

Just as his sword passed through the man’s stomach, something punched through the chest of this corpse, aimed for Chung Myung’s face.

Even Chung Myung couldn’t help but feel bad for this fallen assassin.

Chung Myung had to tilt his body before he could check what was coming at him. Still, it had managed to scratch his cheek.

And, at the same time…

The corpse exploded into pieces, and this sight was seared into Chung Myung’s mind.

Without missing their chance, all the members rushed for Chung Myung.

Chung Myung grinned and swung his sword.

Twenty-Four Movement Plum Blossom Sword Technique swept away those who flew at him like a storm of pure violence.

A desperate scream echoed through the forest.

The Plum Blossom Sword Technique, focused solely on killing, moved forward and decimated his opponents.

Though, Chung Myung also had to pay a price.

A handful of flesh was cut from his thigh.

Chung Myung, who had to take more from his opponents, looked straight ahead.

Darkness approached, and the eyes peeking through the bandages shone even darker.

“Cannot be known… truly unknown. You are obviously a veteran with experience.”

Whenever Black Jackal moved, it made a strange and unpleasant noise.

Chung Myung’s face stiffened and there was redness in his eyes.

It had been him who had concealed himself from his opponent and attacked Chyung Myung through the back of his own subordinate.

“You seem angry, why?”

Black Jackal tilted his head, as if he didn’t know why Chung Myung looked so angry.

“It is a body bound to die, if I make sure to wound you, wouldn’t that guy appreciate me from the afterlife?”

At those words, Chung Myung’s blade trembled.

Of course, he knew what Black Jackal said wasn’t wrong. There was no such thing as a method that couldn’t be used to hurt an opponent on the battlefield.

Then why did he feel this bad?

Black Jackal raised his long daggers and approached Chung Myung.

“Do not worry. I will not kill you easily. I will make you scream in a way you never realized you could.”

Chung Myung smiled at this.

“You talk pretty well, little one.”

Before long, his Plum Sword began to shine blue.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.