Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Ouch ouch ouch ouch!”

Chung Myung made a fuss and shouted,

“No! What kind of treatment hurts this bad!”

“… better shut that mouth, Sahyung. Before I decide to sew it shut.”

Tang Soso had to threaten him before he went silent.

Tang Soso’s hands nervously sprayed medicine onto his wounds and carefully wrapped them up. There was clear annoyance in her movements,

“I know that Sahyung knows how to detoxify poison to a degree. But you do realize that it would have been dangerous if such a wound was delivered close to your chest, right?”

Chung Myung just shrugged at her comment,

“Not getting hit like that is a skill.”

Tang Soso began to take off the bandages and wrapped him back up again.

“It seemed a little loose, so I needed to tie it up again.”

As soon as the treatment was finished, and Chung Myung had finished draining the tears from Tang Soso, along with teasing her about her runny nose, Chung Myung exhaled and leaned back.

Seeing this as an opportunity, Tang Soso began to fire up at him in a rage,

“And what if Sahyung had died?”

“Ah, the real nagging.”

Chung Myung averted his gaze and slightly turned his head. It was the nagging of a samae and a physician at the same time, so he wanted to die.

But Tang Soso, who was about to say more, went silent. Chung Myung lowered his gaze slightly. Tang Soso clenched her fists, which were trembling.

Chung Myung lowered his eyes and turned,

“Of the sahyung and sasuk line, there was no one with severe wounds. There were injuries but no danger to life. We were lucky.”

“No. It is a skill.”

Chung Myung shook his head,

“Luck doesn’t mean we are without skill. It means that our training was worth it.”

Tang Soso nodded and opened her mouth with a low voice,

Chung Myung’s eyes twitched,

“Yes. The poisoning was too severe. I managed to drain the poison, but the treatment was late… there might be aftereffects.”

Chung Myung nodded his head,

Tang Soso hesitated a little for a moment and said,

“I wonder if Un Geom Sasuk will make it through the night…”

Chung Myung closed his eyes without saying a word.

Then he opened his eyes as he got up and put his hand on Tang Soso’s head.

“It is not your fault.”

“You don’t have to do anything odd. Others committed the sins, so why blame it on yourself?”

Tang Soso bit her lip. It was a pained expression as if she was holding back her tears.

‘I was being arrogant.’

She was confident in her skills. She had learned to treat the wounded not at some random place, but she had learned treatment arts from her Tang Family. She had convinced herself that she was someone who could treat anyone.

Therefore, she thought that she could take on the medicine part of Mount Hua. However, going through this battle, she felt only despair.

‘If only I were a bit more skilled…’

Un Geom’s situation wouldn’t have been this serious. And now all she could do was hold Un Geom’s hand and pray for him through his suffering.

“He will be fine. He isn’t the kind to fall from that wound.”

Tang Soso finally nodded.

Chung Myung, who tapped her on the shoulder, turned,

“And first of all, get some rest. Seeing patients also requires a lot of stamina.”

“…why do you speak like this is over? You cannot be overdoing yourself, Sahyung! If you get wounded, you need to lie down and spend a month healing. Are you even listening?”

As if he was tired of the nagging, he waved her out with his hand.

Looking at this, Tang Soso sighed.

Baek Cheon, who was sitting next to Chung Myung, looked at him with a dissatisfied face.

It was because he didn’t like this guy wrapped in bandages walking around like he wasn’t wounded,

“… aren’t you ashamed to walk around like that?”

“You are talking nonsense.”

As Chung Myung said, it was the same with Baek Cheon, who was also wrapped in bandages. The wounds left by Yado weren’t light.

“Then why is your face so unhappy?”

“You don’t seem elated, I heard you cut down that man, their captain. Now our Sasuk is an expert.”

“Don’t spew that shit.”

“If we had fought properly, there would have been ten strikes and ten fails for me. It was just the situation around which helped me.”

It wasn’t him being humble. It was how Baek Cheon really felt it to be. This time it felt like he had lucked out.

“… such consolation…”

“Do not act cocky, Sasuk.”

At that moment, the emotionless voice of Chung Myung entered his ears.

Chung Myung looked at him and said,

“We always say this, we will win only by our skills. In other words, it means that we will only fight those who are weaker than us.”

Baek Cheon tried to speak, but then he couldn’t think of anything wrong with Chung Myung’s words.

And Chung Myung spoke with a softened face,

“Still, you can say that you won by a fluke because you never hesitated to fight someone stronger than yourself. It is strange though, strange that you feel ashamed right?”

Hearing those words made him feel a bit relieved.

Chung Myung lightly tapped him on the shoulder,

“Of course, if you had gotten your head cut off, then that would be a bad thing.”

Baek Cheon’s eyes twitched.

“It was going so well, but NO! You had to say something bad!”

Chung Myung giggled at his reaction and smiled. And he squeezed Baek Cheon’s shoulder,

“Stand straight Sasuk.”

“Anyway, we overcame the people who invaded with the pure strength of Mount Hua alone. Wouldn’t this have been just a dream not too long ago?”

“Sasuk and sahyungs all did a good job too.”

“Did you eat something bad?”

“Well, I need to give compliments sometimes.”

Chung Myung stood up,

“Maybe a little more often because you did something good. This time I will praise you.”

Chung Myung waved his hand and walked away as Jo Gul, who watched this scene, tilted his head,

Yoon Jong chimed in,

“Right. He isn’t such a person, giving out compliments.”

Baek Cheon’s eyes narrowed as he heard those two.

Normally wars take longer to clean up than the time spent to fight one. And it took a full day to collect the wounded, identify and treat them.

The disciples, who were in good health, ran to Hua-Um village and bought back medicine and needed items for the wounded.

It was only after a full day and night had come to pass did Mount Hua go back to its usual calmness.

Just as all the members of the infirmary staff were exhausted from their routine of taking care of their patients, the infirmary door was opened.

Someone, making sure the door was opened quietly to prevent anyone from waking up, walked in without a sound.

Passing by the place where the patients were sleeping, the person reached the innermost room. After much thought, they opened the door and looked down at the man lying on the bed within.

The strictness this person had when looking at the disciples was gone. All that remained was a pale face and dark shadows around his eyes.

Chung Myung’s eyes darkened.

Un Geom’s upper body was bandaged, and on his right side, the life of a swordsman had vanished up to his shoulder. The bandages around his shoulder made Chung Myung even angrier.

He could hear shallow breathing that could die at any moment.

Now Un Geom was fighting another fierce battle at a crossroads. A fight no one could help with. And this made Chung Myung’s face go cold.

Almost as if all the softness he displayed during the day was fake, now he only looked emotionless.

After quietly mumbling that, he looked at Un Geom.

He continued to look down for a long time and turned around as he moved.

He carefully closed the door to the infirmary hall and thought,

‘My Sect Leader Sahyung.’

He stood there for a while and moved with a stiff face. It was the moment when he was walking to the gate and was about to run.

“Looks like there is someone.”

A voice came up from right ahead, and he stopped.

“I saw it too. A thief who had been moving so stealthily.”

Chung Myung’s face went cold.

What came from the main gate were: Baek Cheon, Jo Gul, and Yoon Jong.

They were blocking his path.

“Where are you going, Chung Myung?”

Baek Cheon glared at him,

“I thought what you did this morning was strange. You are not the kind to praise and cheer on people for no reason. It seemed like you had to do something. Why? Going to break into the Ten Thousand People Clan on your own?”

Chung Myung, who looked at Baek Cheon, coldly responded,

“… such a useless brain.”

Baek Cheon touched the sword at his waist,

“I will not let you go.”

“You nasty fool, I knew you were my enemy. No, I cannot let you go and do insane things.”

Chung Myung gritted his teeth and said,

“Cut me down if you want to go.”

“I will not send you off either.”

To Baek Cheon’s left side and right sides. And Yu Yiseol, who had also been hiding behind the gate, slowly walked out and stood with them.

Seeing this, Chung Myung sighed,

“I do praise you for growing up. But how dare you stand in my way.”

“It kind of made our heads thicker.”

“But… you need to know your place.”

Chung Myung grabbed the handle of his sword as if he was going to pull it out.

“Think you four can stop me?”

“That is what I said.”

“Because there are times when you know it won’t work, but you cannot back down.”

“Come and try. You heavily spoiled brat. I will show you what manners are.”

It was when Chung Myung was ready to draw his sword…

A low voice came from the side.

Baek Cheon put his half-drawn sword back.

“I greet the sect leader.”

Hyun Jong gently smiled at the greeting. But nothing more.

And he just stared at them with an angry face.

“Take the kids back to the dorm.”

In the end, Baek Cheon moved. And confirming they went far away, he turned to Chung Myung.

Hyun Jong’s eyes twitched as Chung Myung didn’t answer.

“Did you not hear me?”

“… No, Sect Leader.”

“Follow me right now.”

Hyun Jong moved ahead, and looking at that, Chung Myung sighed as he silently walked behind.

The place Hyun Jong took him wasn’t to the residence but to the lotus peak. Even though it was a long way there, the two didn’t speak a single word.

And after arriving at the peak, Hyun Jong stood on the rocky cliff and looked down at Mount Hua in darkness.

Chung Myung quietly went and stood behind him.

“What meaning do I have to you?”

Chung Myung hesitated for a moment before answering.

He thought a lot, but the only answer he could give was,

“You are my sect leader.”

“You really think so?”

Hyun Jong looked at him and asked,

Hyun Jong’s face, which was cold, stiffened,

“Do you really think of me as the sect leader of Mount Hua?”

The two looked at each other without speaking.

The moon in the sky was looking down at them, the peaks so high that even the clouds couldn’t reach.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.