Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“…what kind of mountain is this!”

Do Un-Chan, the young master of the Ghost Clan, clicked his tongue as he climbed the steep path leading up the cliff.

There was no risk of falling because he was confident that he was second to none when it came to footwork, but this was the first time he was climbing such a steep mountain.

Climbing the entire mountain at once by suppressing the pain in his legs, he saw large peaks and a magnificent gate.

“…why put it on the top of a mountain?”

This place was full of things he could never understand, not that he had to understand. After all, he had to get things done and leave here.

He approached the front gate with determined steps.

The gate of the sect, which was usually closed, was now wide open–as if anything or anyone could just enter. And the guard who would usually be guarding the gate wasn’t there either.

“Can we just head in?”

“Doesn’t it seem like that?”

Do Un-Chan shook his head, unable to understand, and moved on.

“Is someone here? I have business with Mount…”

Before he could finish, something had flown right past him, and it flew into the wall that was set up next to the gate.

The wall began to sway violently, and dust rose.

Do Un-Chan reflexively turned his head and looked at the ‘something’ that had knocked the wall.

After a moment of silence, a hand popped out from under the rubble of the wall, which had finally crumbled to pieces.

“Ack!That shocked me!”

Do Un-Chan shook his shoulders and blinked his eyes.

Something crawled from under the rubble… no, this person was looking around with round eyes.

Maybe not? I am sure the gate I passed through had a board that said, ‘Mount Hua’.

The person who jumped out of the rubble shook off the dust and rushed forward with scattering hair trailing behind.

Die? Did an enemy come…

However, the force behind the charge died down as he was bounced back at the same speed he had rushed in with.

If someone got hit at such speed, they should die.

“Fucking insane! Running with your chest open wide!”

At that time, the most evil-sounding voice entered the ears of Do Un-Chan.

“Do not ever think of this to be some joke!”

In the middle of the dusty training hall, someone could be heard roaring.

“You saw the knife, huh?? Have you tried it with your hand? How does your form only get bigger when you are close to being stabbed? You want to get hit with the knife or what? Uh? Think it won’t hurt? If it does, tell me just how much it hurts.”

Do Un-Chan gulped, his face nervous.

Did someone from the Evil Faction attack?

Were they still fighting off the previous attackers from the Ten Thousand People Clan? But then he saw just one man running bravely at this devil.

A pure white robe without a spot of dirt!

A hero dressed in pure white!

His resolute face was seen by Do Un-Chan as similar to the heroes within legends. Anyone could see that he was the one representing Mount Hua.

The warrior representing Mount Hua charged at this devil-like guy with his sword.

‘But why a wooden sword?’

However, the sheathed sword hit the center of this charging warrior’s forehead.

He seemed to have completely lost the strength to resist. The speed at which this warrior rushed the devil and the resulting hit both felt odd… and the warrior remained stiff like a stone.

“Did you die?” asked this devil-like guy,

“Just because I said come, that doesn’t mean you jump in! Let me kill you just once!”

His sheath was swung around excitedly.

“Waist! Waist! Waist! Head!”

His strikes hit four times, consecutively, on the right side of the warrior, and finally, the man… no, Baek Cheon, collapsed to the ground.

The sight of him flinching and convulsing while lying on his stomach brought tears to Do Un-Chan’s eyes.

‘The Justice faction lost.’

“Sasuk!!!AHHHHH!You evil demon!”

The other warriors of Mount Hua shouted in anger and began to attack the man at once.

However, with his sword sheathed, the man hit them one after another.

“Have no fear left!”

Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!

“What amazing task did you do?”

People were being thrown into the sky like fireworks.

What could be said about the appearances of those in white robes soaring high in the sky… it was like…

And strangely pretty?

No, this shouldn’t be considered pretty.

Those who soared through the air fell down one after another. All of them fell to the ground, convulsing.

‘… just what kind of situation is this?’

Do Un-Chan was a person with ears.

While coming over here, he heard the news of the Ten Thousand People Clan invading Mount Hua and that Mount Hua had managed to succeed over them. Other than among the Nine Great Sects or the Five Great Clans, some of the most prestigious organizations in the world, where else could one find such an achievement?

Everyone was busy talking about Mount Hua. All the way here, all that could be heard was the fact that Kangho considered Mount Hua to be unordinary and that re-entering the ranks of the Nine Great Sects shouldn’t be too far off for them.

‘Why are they all being beaten by one person like this?’

Everything that was happening in front of him made Do Un-Chan question his common sense.

Then, reflected in his eyes, a woman with hair tied up ran at this devil.

As usual, the woman with a sheath stuck in her forehead flinched and fell down.

“Take them all back.”

No, not the Devil, but Chung Myung, shouted at them.

“How dare you use your swords without a proper method! I said that gaps would be bigger when your movement gets bigger! You young brats are basic targets easily taken down! Such a simple thing to remember!”

Watching Chung Myung roar like a beast, Do Un-Chan closed his eyes.

“This is why! The ones without experience die first and die second too! Those who think they know something are the first to die! Do you get that? You morons!”

You look like the youngest in…

“Ahhhh.I am going to die.”

“… please. Please ghosts just… please…”

It was in these moments that the disciples of Mount Hua thought it would be better to just deal with the Ten Thousand People Clan.

“… what is this now?”

The eyes of the devil turned to Do Un-Chan.

Do Un-Chan, whose eyes met with his, unknowingly shrunk like a turtle.

“Who came in through the gates of the sect without asking for permission? A raid?”

Do Un-Chan’s eyes widened.

Why are things proceeding so fast…

“If this isn’t a raid, then how dare you enter the sect of someone else without permission? Come here, start.”

When Do Un-Chan couldn’t move, the devil began to approach him and swung his sheath over his shoulder.

“W-Wait. I am not like that…!”

It was long ago that he had thrown away the idea of robbing back the plaque of the sect leader.

That all happened when it was against a person one could communicate with.

He, too, lived long enough to know such things.

No, actually, age and experience had nothing to do with such things; just one look was enough to know that words wouldn’t work on this devil.

“Ah, fine, come in.”

Chung Myung, like a thug, came up and stood straight in front of him. Do Un-Chan didn’t have to think much to realize he was like a rabbit.

Gye Hyung, who hastily rushed into the gate, blocked Chung Myung and Do Un-Chan.

“I-I brought them! Didn’t you tell me to bring our Young Leader? This is the successor to our clan.”

Chung Myung’s eyes looked at the two,

Chung Myung nodded and stepped closer to Do Un-Chan.

Fearing that something might happen, Do Un-Chan raised his hand and covered his chest.

But that hand was snatched by the hand of Chung Myung.

“Oh my! You have come such a long way!”

Do Un-Chan opened his eyes slowly and looked at Chung Myung, who was smiling brightly at him,

“I heard so much about you.Haha,Young Leader of Ghost clan!”

He glanced at Gye Hyung and shook his head left and right like he didn’t know.

“Now, now. Let’s stop this and go inside.”

“Yes! We should take you to the guest house.”

He thought they would be taken to the sect leader, but this man wanted to take him elsewhere.

‘What kind of sect is this?’

Even Evil factions wouldn’t look like this after just beating someone up.

Do Un-Chan was confused and didn’t know what to do as he turned to Gye Hyung, who said with his eyes.

He thought the man who failed his mission was too ashamed and covered it up with a lame excuse. How could such a devil even exist in this world?

“Now, come here. Come this way.”

Chung Myung guided Do Un-Chan, dragging him along.

Do Un-Chan looked like a cow, with eyes filled with sorrow as it was being dragged into the slaughterhouse.

“… right, that is exactly what I said.”

Gye Hyung looked at Sad Eyes Do Un-Chan, and Chung Myung glanced back as he said,

“Someone go and get Sect Leader… what is with you all, still lying down! Get up already!”

You made this happen!

Yoon Jong, who was lying on the floor and barely breathing, groaned and opened his mouth with difficulty,

Baek Cheon didn’t respond, and Yoon Jong thought that he might hear something if he asked…

“Are you alive, Sasuk?”

The grounds near the training hall were wet with the tears of the disciples.

“… Yes, Young Leader.”

“You insane bastard!”

Do Un-Chan jumped at Gye Hyung, wanting to strangle him.

“What on earth were you thinking, bringing me here?! What the hell is wrong with you!”

“Kuak! Kuak!T-This is…kuak!let go!”

“What were you thinking?!”

Gye Hyung managed to tear off the hands of Do Un-Chan and shouted,

“This is why I told you!”

“How do you expect me to just believe you?”

Do Un-Chan covered his face.

He didn’t think much of the emblem in the past, but he was worrying about it now. This was because he believed that if he showed the right face and nature of a sect or clan leader, Mount Hua, known to be kind to people, would give him the clan leader’s seal.

But the Mount Hua he was seeing now, with his own eyes, was odd. It didn’t seem like a place where reasonable discussion would work.

It seemed like a place where swords did all the talking.

‘Why the hell were we called here?’

But there wasn’t enough time to think about the answer to that question. The door burst open with a group of people entering through it.

Do Un-Chan jumped up as he saw the Taoist in the front, who looked to be about the age of an old adult.

The man looked at him and smiled as if he wasn’t shocked by this situation,

“I was so rude to have kept my guests waiting. Please forgive me for the mistake I made.”

“I am Hyun Jong. The sect leader of Mount Hua.”

“I-I greet the sect leader!”

Do Un-Chan immediately bowed his head in panic.

‘The sect leader himself came to see me?’

He knew that everyone knew about himself being the next clan leader of the Ghost Clan.

But what kind of a martial sect was Mount Hua right now? It was on a wave above everyone else, defeating the most vicious group of people.

And the sect leader of such a place chose to come and greet him directly?

It was something he should have been thrilled with, but this only made him more anxious.

“Ah, yes! Sect Leader!”

Dumbfounded, Do Un-Chan sat down, and Hyun Jong sat across from him, with people seated to his left and right.

Hyun Jong, who stayed silent for a moment, said,

“I heard about the situation a while back….”

His cheeks had a very calm smile,

“… You are here for the Clan Leader’s Seal?”

“For the Clan Leader’s Seal?” asked Hyung Jong again, his eyes had shiny sparks lighting around them.

Do Un-Chan, just sat there, not knowing what was happening. Finally, he looked at Hyun Jong and Chung Myung, who were close by.

Just then, his anger seemed to grow.

“You! You insane bastard!”

Hyun Jong took off his shoes and threw them at Chung Myung and the other old man with him.

“How are you even snatching away the seals of the other clans and threatening people! Are you people even Taoists? Why? Why the hell did you have to do this? And you only speak of this right now! Come here! Come here right now!”

Hyun Jong jumped up and rushed for Hyun Young and Chung Myung as shouting didn’t seem to relieve his anger. And the people around him immediately caught him.

“S-Sect Leader! Hold yourself!”

“We have a guest! Sect Leader! Calm your temper….!”

“I have a temper, Me! Ah-Oh!”

Hyun Jong shouted at Hyun Young and Chung Myung, who were being cornered.

Watching this, Do Un-Chan smiled as if he had been liberated.

‘I don’t know anymore.’

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.