Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Do Un-Chan, who struggled to speak, closed his mouth again. He wasn’t sure what to say.

In front of him were people kneeling.

It was a bizarre thing to see so many people kneeling, even more so with the devil, the only one whose arms were to be kept raised as punishment.

‘But is that even punishment?’

This guy had hit people so hard that they were flying in the sky. Would kneeling and raising his arms be a hard thing for him?

“Don’t raise them straight!”

The devil, who was about to raise his arms more, lowered them at the shout from Hyun Jong. Even though he had a soft face, hearing him speak like this was amazing.

‘They said that that thing was Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.’

That thing… no, that person…

Was Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.

It was difficult to describe in words how Do Un-Chan was feeling as he watched Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon kneel down and be punished.

“You are called Taoists! How can you go and act in a way of threatening other clans? Threaten!”

When Hyun Jong shouted, the members of the Baek disciples, who were all kneeling, lowered their heads.

Seeing Hyun Jong, who didn’t normally get angry, shout at them made him even more frightening.

“You should have stopped your sajil from doing this! What is the reason you followed him all the way to Xi’an!”

Baek Cheon was speechless.

If you command me to throw myself in the flames, I gladly would!

Because that is what you have ordered. If you tell me to do something where a calm death won’t even be offered, what am I meant to do…

“The same goes for you all! A Taoist was committing such acts of dishonesty, and you were all just giggling instead of stopping him?”

When Jo Gul tried to make an excuse, Yoon Jong hit him on the side with his elbow.

Yoon Jong handled Jo Gul and lowered his head. Yu Yiseol just kept silent.

Hyun Jong’s eyes were now blazing,

“You… you… an elder…ugh, calling yourself an elder…”

“Calm down, Sect Leader! Your health hasn’t recovered!”

“Water! Someone get us some cool water!”

Hyun Jong’s hands trembled as he looked at Hyun Young. Even Hyun Young, who constantly grumbled, stayed silent; he simply avoided the furious eyes.

“Eh, y-you! You idiot!”

It was a rare scene to see a sect leader yell like this.

When Hyun Jong tried to rush at them again, Hyun Sang hugged him from behind.

“S-Sect Leader! We have a guest! A guest!”

“Guest? What guest? Right now, all I see is the seal of another sect being held in our hands and threatening them, this is worse! Is there anything more embarrassing than this!”

“Calm down for now!”

When Hyun Jong couldn’t run forward anymore, with Hyun Sang holding him, he decided to throw his other shoe at Hyun Young.

Hyun Young tilted his head to avoid the shoe.

“Get out! Get out! You people! I will throw you into some suitable place for you to live like this! You are worse than bandits!”

Chung Myung, hearing this, whispered to Hyun Young,

“He seems quite angry…”

“It is fine. This doesn’t happen often. He will calm down.”

Hyun Jong sat down as if the sky had collapsed onto him and sighed,

“How did Mount Hua turn into this?”

“Still, it is a lot better than before.”

Hyun Jong glared at Hyun Young, who cleared his throat and turned his head.

Hyun Jong sighed and looked at Do Un-Chan.

The man was all silent, unable to understand what had happened.

As if he had no strength left, Hyun Jong sighed as he said,

“I really have no face to show. I accepted them as disciples but didn’t teach them right… all of this is my fault as a sect leader, so please say something to me.”

“Ah, No! Sect Leader!”

He had no desire to curse Hyun Jong.

And even if he wanted to swear, what would he say when the kneeling devil with hands raised was threatening him with his eyes?

‘What am I even doing here?’

Still, he had many relationships with different sects, but this place looked so different.

And this place was now the most famous sect on the Central Plains? It felt like a betrayal of hope.

“Of course, the seal… no, no. This is our fault for not managing it correctly. I have no complaints against anyone as long as I get it back.”

He had been determined to get it from Mount Hua.

No matter how he looked at it, this sect was not a place Do Un-Chan could handle. So taking what he wanted and forgetting about this place was the best he could do.

“Of course, we intend to return it.”

“But the one who found it…”

Chung Myung spoke only to get shouted at by Hyun Jong.

“But before it, I need to confirm one thing.”

“Are you the true leader of the clan, the one with the right to receive this seal?”

Hyun Jong’s gaze was stern now,

“The Clan Leader’s Seal is an extremely important item. It isn’t enough that you are from the clan. Even within the clan, there will be conflicts. I don’t want that clan to be engulfed in confusion because we gave it up without thought.”

Do Un-Chan looked impressed at Hyun Jong’s wisdom.

He thought the man was too much after seeing him throw his shoes, but he had a wise outlook on this.

“Yes, Sect Leader. It is true that we already have confusion within our clan, but everything has been settled now. I will take the position of leader as soon as I head back with the Clan Leader’s Seal.”

“And you can prove that?”

Do Un-Chan’s face looked a bit troubled. There was no way to prove this other than taking them to visit his clan.

“That is a bit difficult, Sect Leader.”

Hyun Jong thought before saying,

“Then, let us do this. I will hand over the seal to one of my disciples, and then they will come with you to the Ghost Clan. As soon as confirmation is made, I will have them hand it over to you.”

“Ah! That sounds nice!”

Do Un-Chan’s face was bright.

This seal was an important item that could change the influence of a nation. If the person who held the seal had bad intentions, then the clan would be taken down the wrong path.

So, even if it was troublesome, having them check things out to prevent any fighting was better.

Besides, didn’t he say the seal would be returned as soon as the child confirmed the status of the clan?

And this man seemed like the kind of person who followed through with his promises.

“It is a long way to the Ghost Clan. Will it be alright?”

“We have many children who are accustomed to traveling great distances, so this will be fine. But…”

Hyun Jong’s face changed as he looked at Chung Myung.

“…it is a question of being able to come back. And being calm!”

Chung Myung turned his head,

“Jo Gul Sahyung! Sect Leader is talking about you!”

“…shut up! Both of you!”

Baek Cheon gritted his teeth as he looked like he would cry.

In the past, he was expected by all the adults in Mount Hua to be a leading disciple, but now, he was being made to kneel for not stopping his sajil!

‘I hope everyone dies, for real!’

Baek Cheon, swept away in the aftermath, was in despair.

“I will make sure to stitch that snout…!”

“No. No. I really have something to say!”

Hyun Jong sighed as he looked at Chung Myung.

“What more could you have to say?”

“Eh, Sect Leader. Would I have asked someone to come for no reason? I am Chung Myung! Chung Myung!”

It is because I know you are Chung Myung I am acting like this.

Hyun Young also quietly helped Chung Myung,

“The thing with the Ghost Clan isn’t wrong. And it wasn’t a thoughtless act, so listening to him would be a good idea…”

Hyun Jong, who was worried, sighed,

Chung Myung lowered his arms and jumped off the ground. And he smiled as he moved close to Do Un-Chan,

“…w-what is it, Young Disciple?”

“Excuse me, Leader, no Young Leader!”

“Are you thinking about making money?”

Do Un-Chan’s face went blank… and after a while,

Do Un-Chan’s eyes trembled,

“Because our footwork is the best in the world…”

“Right! It is really fast!”

“Utilizing this footwork…”

Even his eyes weren’t enough; now, even the lips of Do Un-Chan were twitching.

“Ah, not just use it. But use it for express delivery.”

Do Un-Chan looked at the young disciple in front of him.

‘Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.’

Normally dragons weren’t beings that people would think of grabbing. In that sense, this disciple had a nice title, but he had no idea what this little brat was on about!

“L-Look here, Young Man.”

Do Un-Chan stuttered and opened his mouth,

“I understand what Young Disciple is saying, but… no, we are warriors, not an escort service.”

“What is a warrior?”

Someone who wields their body and weapons.

But he couldn’t say that as Chung Myung spoke on his behalf,

“I am a warrior too, but I am also a Taoist.”

“So what I mean is, there is nothing strange about a warrior having two jobs. Why can’t a warrior provide delivery services? How many people learn martial arts only to become escorts and get some kind of national job?”

“That is true, but…”

Do Un-Chan turned his head and looked at Gye Hyung. He, too, was looking puzzled, almost as if this was his first time hearing this idea.

“I understand what you mean, Disciple. But isn’t that something a lot of others are doing? Why bring up the topic now?”

“Ahh, this is different.”

Jo Gul, who was silently listening, came up.

“How long does it currently take to send anything from Sichuan to Beijing?”

Jo Gul frowned, thinking,

“It varies depending on the season or situation, but from Chengdu to Beijing would take at least three months.”

“At a minimum. Actually, moving as a group would make us have to stop at other places in between.”

“So you are saying it could be close to six months?”

Chung Myung looked at Do Un-Chan now.

“It takes half an hour to get something going. How can a person with a hurried personality live?”

“How long does it take for your clan’s people to move?”

“…it is impossible to move a lot during the day, but it is not difficult to reach the destination in around ten days.”

Chung Myung reached out and grabbed Do Un-Chan,

“If we told people that delivering anything could happen in ten days, how many people would be open to paying more?”

Do Un-Chan’s eyes turned dizzy.

‘P-People paying extra to get things a little earlier?’

Even if the time was reduced from half a year to ten days…

“Are there really such people…”

Jo Gul spoke firmly,

“Several escort services are already trying to do this. They charge two to three times the usual fee for things to be delivered as quickly as possible.”

“There are many who value time over money.”

Chung Myung nodded and whispered to Do Un-Chan,

“This person here is the son of a merchant in Sichuan. Even though he looks like a thug, we are speaking the truth.”

“I can still hear you, you bastard!”

The sound of Jo Gul shouting didn’t even enter the ear of Do Un-Chan.

He felt tempted for a moment.

“I-I understand what you mean. But this isn’t about money. Our duties…”

“I am just saying, so you know.”

Do Un-Chan’s head turned to one side.

Hyun Young was there with a gentle expression and said,

“Martial Clans need money.”

“I know this because I have been through it.”

Do Un-Chan was at a loss for words.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.