Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Eyes colder than the ice in the North Sea stared sharply at the other side.

A low-pitched voice.

A deep, quiet voice that would leave the listener gasping for breath.

The eyes of these two beasts clashed mid-air.

What remained was a showdown between two true warriors.

Hwang Jongi’s eyes shone,

“One part is too small. Considering the amount of money Eunha will be investing, five parts should be guaranteed.”

He had a strong appearance, like that of a successor to a merchant guild.

But who was he dealing with? The devil who reversed the flow of numerous battles.

Chung Myung looked at him.

“You are saying something odd for a merchant. Who is asking for money like they don’t have money? The important thing is to envision a future and business that can make money.”

“But the investment…”

“Mount Hua, too, has a lot of money.”

Hwang Jongi flinched at this.

“If that much cannot be given by you, then Mount Hua will take up the role. I am trying to put Eunha guild within this trade, but if you act like this, I will be disappointed.”

Hwang Jongi, who was stabbed in his weakness, groaned lowly.

However, he was also the person who led Eunha, and it was impossible for him to back down.

“Even though Mount Hua has funds, it doesn’t have a string of networks like we….”

“The son of a good family is getting food on Mount Hua. He might not be useful to us, but the noble family behind him is also a well-to-do merchant.”

Chung Myung’s gaze turned to Jo Gul, who was sitting in the corner. Jo Gul looked shocked as he said,

“Am I not paying for the food?”

He had a lot to say, but Jo Gul decided to stay silent because he knew speaking wouldn’t correct anything.

Hwang Jongi’s worries deepened.

‘Certainly, Disciple Jo Gul’s house is one of the merchants in the Sichuan region.’

If that were the case, then a distribution network comparable to that of Eunha’s could be formed.

Confidence was good, but arrogance was not. There was no reason why other merchants couldn’t do what Eunha did.

Then, Chung Myung said,

“Did you think Mount Hua would not be able to do its business with anyone but Eunha?”

Hwang Jongi quickly waved his hand.

It was good to negotiate, but not messing up the deal was also good. Especially with Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon here.

‘He is like a poisonous snake!’

In an alley, there was no one more reliable than this one. But when they were pitted against the other, there was no one more terrifying than him. If negotiations broke down here, then the ties between them would become awkward, and Eunha would become a chased chicken.

“Ugh.But, Young Disciple… as you know, this work requires the coming and going of a lot of officials and nobles. So Eunha will be more helpful than those in the shopping district of Sichuan.”

“Which is why two parts.”

Hwang Jongi’s hand trembled as he held his teacup.

‘We pay all the money and do all the work, so does it make sense for you to take more by sitting still? You bastard, are worse than a bandit!’

Even the raw manpower being used for the auxiliary work would be coming from him… which meant almost everything was provided by Eunha!

According to Chung Myung’s words, Mount Hua would just sit and gobble up the profit. And this made his stomach boil…

“Quit if you don’t like it.”

“W-Who said we didn’t like it! What kind of moron said that!” exclaimed Hwang Jongi.

At that, Chung Myung grinned as he said,

“Then let’s make the contract.”

The conditions were hell, but it was like a rope he had to hold onto to eat and prosper.

“Eh,why are you making such a face? Eunha gets something more important than money, right?”

Hwang Jongi sighed at this.

Actually, Chung Myung wasn’t wrong. The possible profits weren’t currently known, but profit wasn’t even what was important to Eunha.

‘This is a bet on the play.’

Eunha would invest money in Mount Hua, but the fruits of the investment would be gobbled by Mount Hua and not Eunha.

Location was what mattered!

In order to advance to the top of the world, what Eunha needed to do was promote what other merchants could not and make that successful. They needed to instill within everyone the idea that Eunha was different from any other merchant.

Hwang Jongi firmly nodded.

If a contract were signed under these conditions, he would not be able to make a large profit, but he didn’t mind giving up money.

“Kuak!You made the right decision!”

…that smiling face makes my stomach churn.

But what could be done? There was nothing he could do… other than just staying silent next to the smiling Chung Myung.

“Instead, the management of the Ghost Clan will be handled by Mount Hua.”

“Ah.Do not worry. I will make them perfect.”

At those words, which came out confident, Hwang Jongi nodded and took out the contract. Chung Myung’s eyes widened.

“Uh?You prepared it in advance?”

“… wouldn’t it be nice to be prepared?”

It would be a strike to the back of my head if I let you make the contract!

“Tch.You are a bit too thorough!”

You were up to something again!

How poorly was the world fairing when there wasn’t a Taoist in the world you could believe in? You bastard Taoist!

Hwang Jongi sighed and stamped the contract, and pushed it straight at Chung Myung.

Chung Myung began to read the contract carefully.

He was meticulous and read every single word written, which made Hwang Jongi frown.

“Wait a second, please. Here,um…it looks fine, but….”

Chung Myung glanced at Hwang Jongi, then back at the contract. The way he looked made it seem like he was making sure there wasn’t something unfavorable written in there.

Just how much have I given to Mount Hua all this while, and yet this brat looks at me, the successor of the Eunha Merchant Guild, with suspicion? This is a contract I personally wrote!

After finishing, Chung Myung glanced back at the contract for another long period of time, checking the content again. ‘Soon,’ he smiled,

“Hahaha!Why should I look closely at this? Our relationship is better than this!”

“… you checked, though?”

Hwang Jongi put on his business smile.

In any case, this contract was made! Finally!

“Elder! Is this good enough?”

Hyun Young took the contract with a calm face as if he wasn’t interested in it. And, like Chung Myung, he checked each part one by one.

Seeing what the two, a young and old man, were doing, it was hard to believe they weren’t related.

After reviewing it, Hyun Young finally gave the contract to Hyun Jong.

“Sect Leader, you should place your seal here.”

Hyun Jong looked confused at the contract.

“Is this really good…”

“Chung Myung did this. Where will we even get this? Just stamp down.”

Hyun Jong looked down at the contract, and his face looked sad.

After taking away the seal of a clan, and now making them work under Mount Hua… what was this Taoist sect doing…

‘Can these guys really be trusted?’

In the past, Hyun Young and Chung Myung were the ones Hyun Jong believed in, but now all this trust has been lost.

With a groan, he stamped down on both contracts and handed them back.

“Let’s do our best!”

Hwang Jongi and Chung Myung shook hands.

Enemies during the signing of a contract and comrades after the signing. Both of them knew this better than anyone else.

“Managing the Ghost Clan is essential for this to work.”

“Do not worry, I was hoping to go there myself.”

While listening, Hwang Jongi nodded his head and said,

“If you do that, then I have nothing more to ask. But, Young Disciple, will it be fine? You must be busy?”

“It is fine. Fortunately, the Ghost Clan is near Sacheon. I was also planning to stop by there.”

When Hwang Jongi tilted his head, Chung Myung just shrugged his shoulders.

“Yes, I also had some business with the Tang Family.”

Hwang Jongi had a blank face.

“Why the Tang Family?”

Mount Hua’s disciples flocked to the back of the sect leader’s residence.

Since this place was also Mount Hua, there was no reason for them not to gather. But, the strange thing was that they all gathered, holding shovels in their hands.

Yoon Jong asked Baek Cheon,

“Why did he ask me to get a shovel?”

“You know? He is going to make us do something bizarre.”

The two of them sighed, looking at each other.

No matter what Chung Myung ordered, they always doubted it. If someone else did this, they would have been angry, but this brat always had a reason.

“But calling us like this… Chung Myung…ah,there he is.”

From far away, they could see Chung Myung walking toward them.

“Yes. But why were we asked to gather? And the shovels are for?”

“Why do you use shovels?”

Chung Myung pointed to the hill behind the sect leader’s residence.

Everyone’s eyes turned to where he pointed. A moment passed.

Their gazes were fixed with shock, surprise, and fear as they looked at Chung Myung.

“Are you all deaf or what? That! The mountain!”

In the end, Baek Cheon’s face was drained of anger.

“That is a mountain.”

“I know. Which is what I said. Mountain.”

No, you insane brat!

Why do you want us to dig the perfectly fine mountain?!

“… I don’t know if my head is odd or yours is… no, your head is the one acting weird.”

“Why are you asking us to dig all of a sudden?”

“To dig out what is underneath.”

“Under? What is under…”

The eyes of Baek Cheon shook.

He could think of something, under the hill, Mount Hua…

“Ten Thousand-Year Steel?”

“W-what will you do with that?”

What are you going to do this time?

“We will take it to the Tang Family.”

Baek Cheon tilted his head as if he didn’t understand,

“Take the safe to the Tang Family? You want modifications?”

“Tch tch.Think about it differently, Dong-Ryong.”

When Baek Cheon was ready to run to him, Yoon Jong and Jo Gul caught him, it was routine.

“Stay still, Sasuk!”

“Well, this happens each time, and you still get angry!”

“Let go! Let me go!”

Baek Cheon’s eyes widened, and Chung Myung clicked his tongue.

“What? Fight with that wooden sword?”

Baek Cheon looked down at the wooden sword at his waist. Then slowly, he closed his eyes and fell silent.

Chung Myung clicked his tongue and continued,

“This is all for sahyungs.”

“Sahyungs are weak, so you keep losing your swords. Then I need to get you a proper one, one that won’t break but still cut down your opponent.”

Chung Myung’s eyes shone brightly.

“It is enough to make a sword that won’t break in the first place! Pick them out and take them to the Tang Family! They will make a sword out of cold steel.”

“A cold steel sword.”

Chung Myung sternly said,

“If we come across someone, we can kill them. Nothing to lose.”

Baek Cheon was wide-eyed at his words. It was because he couldn’t say anything back. And then asked in a trembling voice,

“S-So you want to pick out the metal from the sect’s safe and make a sword out of it?”

He wasn’t sure where to start putting things to get them in the right order. Just as he was asking himself this…

“Uh? So we will get swords made from cold steel?” said Jo Gul as everyone turned to look at him.

“That is so expensive. Even most sect elders don’t have such swords.”

“…now that you say it…”

Even a sword with a little bit of cold steel was treated like some treasured sword. Then…

‘A big safe made from it!’

The Mount Hua disciples exchanged glances.

Jo Gul was the first to pick up his shovel and start digging. And soon, the others followed.

“Keep your distance and dig!”

“Let’s get it done today!”

“Don’t talk and shovel more! Don’t even stretch your back when you are digging!”

“Cold steel sword! A plum blossom sword made of cold steel!”

A huge cloud of dust rose above the disciples from Mount Hua, who had gone mad.

Meanwhile, cold sweat began to drip down Baek Cheon as Chung Myung came to his side, tilting his head.

“What are you doing?”

“Sasuk uses the most swords, so what are you doing here? Hurry up and dig.”

Baek Cheon couldn’t speak despite opening his mouth.

“I-Is this really fine? A swordsman obsessed with swords…”

“What nonsense is this?”

“If you break your sword, you will die. Who will give a compliment about your life? That is only something that people who have never gotten good swords would say! Better the weapon, better the performance! If your skills aren’t good enough, then get good weapons!”

“Do not talk nonsense!”

Looking at the hill where the dust clouds bloomed, Chung Myung smiled.

“I have no treasures to give, so what good will words like that do?”

So use what is there.

-That is right, well done this time!

What is with this positivity?

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.