Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“That… isn’t it happening because we have thorough enough knowledge.”

Hyun Jong responded to Hyun Young’s words with glaring eyes. Hyun Young just avoided his gaze.

“… do not look at me like that.”

Hyun Jong continued to glare,

“A disciple makes a mistake, and you do not stop it but play drums and encourage him?”

“If Chung Myung chose to play the flute, I should at least play the drums!”

Hyun Jong shouted, and Hyun Sang smiled.

“It isn’t likely he did it without thought. And wasn’t there a need to spread the name of Mount Hua beyond this place?”

Hyun Jong just clicked his tongue at the elder’s words, but he didn’t refute them, and Hyun Young quietly added,

“We get to earn money…”

“So that was your purpose!”

“I am just stating a fact.”

His feelings towards Hyun Young were similar to a parent who saw their child, barely out of poverty, becoming greedy for food.

A child who couldn’t stand still for even a moment and rushed at the sight of money, but when Hyun Jong thought about what Hyun Young was doing, he couldn’t say anything bad.

Hyun Young grumbled,

“No matter who sees you, they will think that Sect Leader hates money.”

“What, you brat! Where is the man who hates money? Even if it is about making money, you need to look at the situation! You shouldn’t ignore the process for its’ results! Especially as a Taoist of all things!”

Just as Hyun Jong began nagging,

“… but what is that?”

Hyun Jong turned his head in the direction Hyun Sang was pointing to. A cloud of dust was rising from behind them.

What kind of dust cloud was this? This is a sunny day though?

“I think it is on the side of the sect leader’s residence.”

Hyun Jong’s eyes began to tremble. In the past, he would have just thought, ‘What is this?’ But not now.

“C-Chung Myung, that bastard!”

Hyun Jong ran toward his residence. Behind him, the elders followed behind, in fright.

Hyun Jong, who ran with all his might, arrived at the back of his residence and was shocked.

A truly bizarre sight was unfolding in front of him.

“Ah, stop digging there! Sand is coming on to me!”

“Puah!Someone grab a sack and put the sand in it.”

All the Mount Hua disciples rushed toward the hill behind the Sect Leader’s residence and were carrying out what? A construction project?

Some were shoveling hard, the others sweeping away the soil. And some were clinging to the exposed boulder.

“What kind of rock is this big!”

The disciples, who had laid ropes around the rocks in perfect order, began to pull something out with loud cheers.

As the sounds resonated, sweat began to pile up on the forehead of Hyun Jong. He was too shocked to even speak.

He didn’t think that it would take a day or two before Chung Myung made a mess, but these days, it felt like the scale of the mistakes he was making was taking things to a new level.

“W-What the hell are you doing!”

Hyun Jong, who had been silent the entire time, finally screamed, and the ones digging turned to greet him,

“We greet the sect leader.”

“Forget greetings! What is all this? This!”

Actually, the answer was obvious.

All the disciples who listened to Hyun Jong’s words glanced at one place instead of answering, and standing there was Chung Myung.

Chung Myung, who was half lying down, stood up and slammed the spot next to him.

“Sect Leader! Would you like to sit here?”

Is his body feeling weak? Suddenly he felt dizzy.

“Chung Myung! You bastard! What are you doing? Why are you digging this mountain up!”

“Ah, I wanted to pull up something from below.”

“Below? What is below…. Below?”

What was down there?

Hyun Jong’s eyes widened.

“T-The safe! Are you sure you want to grab the safe for the steel?”

“Kuak!My sect leader! You understand so much!”

“T-That… you brat! That is the safe of Mount Hua, a secret to all! It was there for all these kids….!”

“Eh, what is secret about it? It isn’t just one or two people who know about it, right?”

“Uh… right? That is true… but…”

Hyun Jong had already led people and spoke of this. And didn’t Chung Myung once cut off some steel from here?

And since the incident was that important for Mount Hua, no one could not know about the thing behind the sect leader’s residence.

“If its primary use is finished, then we should use it for something good.”

“Where will you use such an amount of steel? Are you trying to sell it? Absolutely not! No one gets to do that! That is what was given to us by our ancestors! You bastard, if you are going to do this, then sell me too!”

It was not just Hyun Jong who tried not to let go of the safe, but Hyun Sang too,

And he shouted as thunder fell.

“Good, good, you have done way too much this time! How could you decide something like this without talking to the sect leader? I will not stand this! Where the hell are you going to use…”

Hyun Sang stopped, and Chung Myung looked at him with puppy-like eyes and mumbled,

“Well… since it was dangerous this time… the plum swords were damaged too. In the future, we will come across many dangerous enemies, and if sahyungs use weak swords and they break during battle, the lives of many will be in danger… I thought that sahyungs would be much safer if we made swords from…”

Chung Myung looked at Hyun Sang,

“But well… if you think we should continue using weak swords, I will bury it back.”

“… you want to make the swords from cold steel?”

“… for your sasuk-sahyungs?”

Hyun Sang spoke with a stern face,

“Still, you should have asked permission from your sect leader!”

“This disciple has been too excited.”

Hyun Jong, who listened quietly, turned his head,

“Hehehe.Isn’t this wonderful? Chung Myung is trying to make swords for his sasuks and sahyungs. What he said isn’t wrong.”

Hyun Jong turned his head to the other side. Was Hyun Sang being real?

“Cold steel. Swords of cold steel. Why didn’t I think of that?Tch tch!They say that when one gets old, their head turns to stone.”

“Hyun Sang! You brat! This is what our ancestors have given us….”

“Huuhhu.Sect Leader, how could the ancestors of Mount Hua dislike the fact that the children would carry cold steel swords?”

“Is tradition something to consider when it comes to the safety of the kids? Traditions? Future is important!”

“N-No! You people! This is Mount Hua… no, forget, I’d rather buy the cold steel!”

“Hahahah.Do you know how much money you will need for that? This is too much of a joke.Hahaha!”

Hyun Sang grabbed Hyun Jong and began to take him back.

“Chung Myung! Go ahead! It seems like the sect leader has given his permission too!”

“Permission? When did… I… Up!”

Hyun Sang smiled, covering the mouth of Hyun Jong with one hand.

“Now, now, isn’t this all for the future of Mount Hua?Hahaha.”

Hyun Jong, who managed to remove the hand from his mouth, screamed,

“You bratttsssss! I am the sect leader! You damned people of Mount Hua! You will all be punished!”

Hyun Sang just smiled and disappeared, taking Hyun Jong with him.

The disciples all looked at this blankly.

“What are you doing?”

At that time, Hyun Young gestured to the mountain.

“I will die at this rate. Pick up your speed.”

The disciples of Mount Hua, who hesitated for a moment, resumed digging.

Baek Cheon, who was covered in dust, and the rest of the disciples, all rubbed their noses with a happy smile.

‘Now it is all done.’

This sect could no longer go back to how things were in the past.

Finally, the safe, tied with a rope, was pulled up from under the large hole.

“Why is this so heavy?”

“As if it would be easy! Look at the size of it!”

Well, it was difficult.

However, the entire safe appeared soon, and it sure looked like it was worth the energy they exerted.

“Now, our swords! We can finally have a sword!”

Greed shone in the eyes of everyone. The safe, which should have been cleaned, was dusty… and the Taoists, who should be peaceful, were now greedy and lost in their desires.

“It was really hard.”

“I thought it would take three days to get it out! What is this!”

“Uhh.Really. We tore down a mountain and made a new one!”

Everyone’s eyes looking at the muddy mountain next to the original one. How much soil had been dug to make this soil mountain?

“Chung Myung! Are we done?”

Chung Myung nodded, looking at the steel.

“Done. Now all we have to do is move it down the mountain.”

Hearing this, everyone’s face hardened.

Everyone’s eyes turned to the cliff beyond the fence.

Just the thought of moving it down made them all feel dizzy.

Someone mumbled in a sorry voice,

“… why did our ancestors have to build a conduit in a mountain like this…”

But it was too late now to turn around. Didn’t they have to do it now?

“Now, don’t act sad, and let’s do this! This is not a bad thing for anyone here, and this sword of cold steel is finally falling into our hands!”

As Baek Sang shouted, the eyes of the disciples finally shone.

The disciples of Mount Hua had always been dragged through hell by the actions of Chung Myung. Of course, there were benefits from it, but if they asked what was in front of them…

‘This is nothing but a great thing!’

But wasn’t this in their immediate self-interest too? A long-term weapon made out of rare metal which no strong sect could even have. If it fell into their hands, anything could be done!

“Let’s move! Down the mountain!”

The very moment when everyone was ready to take it down.

“Where are we going?”

Chung Myung spoke sternly.

“Moving comes next, we need to get you refreshed before that.”

“Are you going to leave it like that?”

The finger of Chung Myung pointed to the mountain they dug up. The sight of the black hole pierced outwards.

The light went out of the eyes of the disciples once again.

“We go to the Tang Family.”

Hyun Jong looked at Chung Myung with a face that looked lost.

“I have to get the cold steel swords, and I need to stop by the Ghost Clan on the way.”

“Hehe.Besides that, I have a couple of other things to do. I will be back as soon as possible.”

Hyun Jong watched helplessly as Chung Myung smiled. A voice that sounded like it had given up all hope said,

“… do what you want.”

But at that time, the sect leader’s residence door was slammed open, and a loud voice was heard.

“Sahyung! You are leaving for the Tang Family?”

“Uh? From where did you hear that…”

It was Tang Soso who burst into the room.

“No, you bastard! You are going to the Tang Family, so why are you not informing me? Do you think your sahyung is a Tang Family son? I am the daughter of the family, though!”

“Then let’s go together.”

As Chung Myung spoke like he didn’t care, Tang Soso turned to the sect leader,

“May I go along too, Sect Leader?”

Hyun Jong looked at Tang Soso helplessly and nodded.

“…do what you wish.”

At that time, Hyun Sang said,

“I know this is work, but what about the White Plum Blossom Boarding House if you leave?”

“Ah, you don’t have to worry about that.”

Chung Myung shrugged,

“I asked Great Sasuk, and he said that he would be able to recover a little in ten days. It will take ten days for us to get ready and leave, so as soon as he recovers, we will leave.”

“For those ten days, I will make everyone roll down the path to Hell. You don’t have to worry much about it. Who am I? Chung Myung.”

For some reason, Hyun Sang’s body trembled at his words. A weak voice came from behind.

“… do as you wish… as you wish.”

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.