Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“So… the Green Forest?”

Hong Dae-Kwang shook his head,

“The bandits who recently joined the Seventy-Two Strongholds of the Green Forest. I did hear about that.”

“… then did the Seventy-Two Strongholds of the Green Forest change?”

Hong Dae-Kwang smiled,

“Because not all Seventy-Two Strongholds can prosper, it can be said that the members of the Seventy-Two constantly change. The bandits that have proven their name and power exist, and those who don’t get thrown out.”

This made Yoon Jong frown.

“It doesn’t seem like a stronghold that should hold such a great name.”

Hong Dae-kwang smiled,

“When did the Beggars Union Branch look great?”

Understanding in an instant, Yoon Jong went silent.

“The Beggars Union is recognized all around the world. But not every branch is as good as the others. The same goes for the Seventy-Two. No matter how wide the central plains are, it is impossible to maintain all Seventy-Two bandit groups equally. So, in truth, half of them are just there for the name.”

“What can be seen as the true power of the Green Forest is its main head. The Green Forest King has true staying power, and his ten elites occupy a high position.”

At the explanation of Hong Dae-Kwang, Baek Cheon nodded.

If all the bandit groups were as strong as those around them, Green Forest would have surpassed Shaolin and be called the best in the world.

“I understand till right there.”

“Um.Okay. Any more questions?”

“The most basic problem remains…”

“… then why are those bandits doing that?”

Hong Dae-Kwang shrugged.

Baek Cheon sighed and turned his head, and a bottle of alcohol could be seen.

“Kuaah!As expected, you are amazing!”

“I heard that the disciples of Mount Hua were arrogant! There is nothing wrong with that rumor!”

“Oh my! You emptied the huge bottle in one go!”

‘Shitty bandit-like.’

To the left and right of Chung Myung, who was drinking alcohol from something like a human-sized hug, hairy bandits were clapping their hands like children.

And this made Baek Cheon’s shoulders tremble in shock.

Chung Myung put down the neatly emptied jar and picked up a chicken leg that was next to him, and bit into it.

“We are happy that you like it!”

“Hahahaha!I feel like my eyes are shining even when the sun isn’t here, Disciple makes me feel elated.”

“Yes, yes! It is the glory of our life to serve you!”

“Hehehe.Don’t say that.Heheheh!”

Looking at Chung Myung smile brightly, Baek Cheon wanted to hit him.

‘That guy is the one who is insane!’

The bandits who managed to recognize that it was Mount Hua’s disciples who had stepped into their stronghold were now begging for forgiveness.

That must have felt good enough for him. But the problem came from here,

-For us to meet the heroes of Mount Hua like this and simply send them on their way? Our Green Forest will curse us. Please give us the honor of serving you!

A joke that no one would even find funny…

The bandits who held axes in their hands then decided to follow them like idiots…

‘I never thought this would happen.’

For some reason, the more he thought about it, the more he felt his tears hurt his eyes.

“No, it is because that Chung Myung brat is mad. However, they are bandits with titles, so why are they acting like…”

“Because they aren’t great,” added Hong Dae-Kwang.

“Not all Seventy-Two Strongholds of the Green Forest are good. To be able to join them or make a name amongst the group, they need to have skills and strength better than a middle-level sect.”

“Then why are they doing that?”

“Isn’t it obvious? You, people, are Mount Hua.”

Hong Dae-Kwang clicked his tongue,

“Why do you act like this when you swing your sword like a reaper? What kind of sect is Mount Hua right now? Among the many, it is a place that can stand upright with pride. Are there any martial sects that have done what Mount Hua has done up till now, excluding the Nine Great Sects?”

Baek Cheon tilted his head.

Looking back, he couldn’t think of anything. But he couldn’t tell if this was because of his short experience in Kangho or if it was because there wasn’t one to compare at all.

At that time, Hong Dae-Kwang added,

“No, there will not be, and even the Nine Great Sects cannot confidently stand when the people of Ten Thousand People Clan attack them. Of course, it might be called luck.”

He had a subtle smile,

“Simply put, even if Mount Hua pulls one of the Nine Great Sects down and takes its place, or if the Nine Great Sects and Five Families become the Ten Sects and Five Families, there would be nothing strange about it.”

Hong Dae-Kwang beat his own chest.

“Aren’t you thinking too lowly of yourselves? If Green Forest and Mount Hua collided, they wouldn’t last long with all of you there. Can bandits hold the power the Ten Thousand People Clan has?”

Baek Cheon and the other disciples looked at each other and nodded.

‘Now that I think about it.’

‘We are that strong?’

Even if he heard it, he didn’t really feel it.

Of course, it has always been the role of Mount Hua to not consider itself much in the face of other sects. But now, Mount Hua was being respected by many.

It was common for prestigious families and sects to get treated like nobles by others. But Mount Hua’s disciples had witnessed its downfall, taking loans and selling precious items to feed them, so they had never experienced this treatment.

So, this situation didn’t suit them at all.

“Normally, when you start making a name for yourself out in the world, there are cases where many don’t realize their own fame.”

Hong Dae-Kwang smiled,

“Now that this is going to happen all time, you should adapt to it. Besides, Green Forest is a special place.”

“What is that supposed to mean?”

Hong Dae-Kwang clicked his tongue and said,

“Who fought with you people?”

“The Ten Thousand People Clan.”

“Right. Green Forest is at war with them. In order words, you can be the good people who helped Green Forest defeat them. Doesn’t that also mean more points for you?”

“From their point of view, welcoming you with open arms is quite good. And I bet that you will be given anything to drink and eat even if the Green Forest King comes here.”

Baek Cheon’s expression changed with Hong Dae-Kwang’s words.

The benefactor of bandits?

‘Should this be something to aspire to?’

But he was sure of one thing. That Chung Myung was in a good mood right now.

Baek Cheon covered his face like he was tired.

“I always heard jokes about how Mount Hua should be avoided, but I never thought that the day would come when we get treated like this by bandits.”

“…but I actually feel like this atmosphere is a bit familiar.”

“You shut up, will you! Shut up!”

Jo Gul, who spoke up, was shouted at for no reason and pouted in silence.

However, Chung Myung didn’t pay attention to them and continued to gobble up the alcohol and meat around him.

Chung Myung munched on his food and asked,

“Yes! Yes! That is right, disciple! I, we are called the Red Tiger Bandits!”

Kwak Gyeong spoke with too much excitement.

“Of course, it is a bit embarrassing to say this in front of the most famous sect, Mount Hua, but we are proud members of the Seventy-Two Strongholds.”

“Hehe.Right. Right.”

Next to Kwak Gyeong, Im Sheng worked hard.

Despite having his teeth blown out by a punch, he also didn’t seem the least bit bothered.

Chung Myung tilted his head like he just realized something.

“Come to think of it, you said you would kill everyone, right? You are bandits who kill people?”

“Oh my, Disciple. Would we say that sincerely? It is just dramatic words like, ‘I know what you did! Or ‘you know what your crime is!’ But that doesn’t mean that we actually know, right?”

“I heard something about skinning people alive?”

“Hahaha!This madman!”

In an instant, Kwak Gyeong turned to Im Sheng and tapped him.

“People don’t get scared unless we say such things these days.”

Chung Myung still had a suspicious look.

“You aren’t really doing it, right?”

“Oh my, Disciple! What kind of people would kill others in broad daylight?”

Kwak Gyeong’s cheeks trembled, unable to explain.

“It cannot be. And if rumors spread that people who passed through these mountains died at the hands of bandits, who would come through this mountain pass?”

“… they wouldn’t come.”

“Right! And it isn’t like the world has just one road. When rumors spread that one path is dangerous, people will just find another one. Whether we like it or not, it would be nice to have an ambush point on a popular mountain path, but such places are already occupied by other bandits before us.”

“And we need to scare travelers moderately and snatch their things. We do not even snatch everything. We give some of it back, thinking they must have enough to travel.”

“… which bandit acts like that?”

“Bandits are always like that.”

Kwak Gyeong scratched his head.

“Think about it. What kind of money do people who climb the mountain have? And if we rob them of too much… you know they will…”

“Merchants are tricky people to be with, we almost face death on a regular basis. There are subjugation teams that come into the mountains. They are scary. And on that day, we have to shut down our business.”

“This is a sensitive job to be in. It is the law to live a long life only when one knows to act within their own limits and not offend the public.Hehehe.”

Chung Myung narrowed his eyes,

“… you have a harder life than I thought.”

“Hahah.Is there anything like an easy life? This is what life is.”

Kwak Gyeong laughed, scratching his head, and Chung Myung smiled.

He tilted his head and got closer to Chung Myung, who was waving his hand.

Chung Myung suddenly stood up and kicked him in the butt.

Kwak Gyeong fell to the ground.

“How dare you feed me this bullshit! If this is hard, make a living by farming! Those who steal money from people and live here are speaking about a tough life? What? Rules?Huh?What is with you idiots?”

Kwak Gyeong was on the ground and rushed to Chung Myung on his knees. And he laid down flat.

“Isn’t farming only possible when one has land? There is no way to make a living like that, so I climbed up here. Who would want to live in a mountain full of wild animals and no people!”

Chung Myung clicked his tongue and sat down.

“And it is difficult to earn?”

Chung Myung smiled. The disciples of Mount Hua who saw this could guess what was happening.

“That bandit made a huge mistake.”

“Right. That guy never lets go once he catches something.”

Hong Dae-Kwang, unable to understand his words, tilted his head as Chung Myung said,

“Change your profession.”

Kwak Gyeong tilted his head.

“As you said, if you can make a living, there will be no bandits, right?”

“Say anything else, and you die.”

In an instant, Kwak Gyeong’s face turned pale.

“D-disciple! T-that…”

When he didn’t move, Chung Myung smiled, lifting up the jar he was drinking from.

The bronze cup he was drinking from crumbled, and it soon changed from a cup to a ball. Chung Myung tossed the new drinking cup to Kwak Gyeong.

Kwak Gyeong’s face twitched as he received it.

“Will you do that, or should I do it?”

“I will serve you right now, Disciple!”

Like a quick-minded bandit, he had another quick realization this time.

No matter how important wealth was, his life was more important.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.