Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Riches piled up on top of the thick steel cart.

Gold jewels were piled high like a tower, and the jewels shone brilliantly in the soft moonlight.

“Oh my, there were so many riches, so I didn’t think it would all fit?”

“There, move it to the side! There is space on the side!”

“The ones that are easier to break go on the top!”

Baek Cheon and the disciples of Mount Hua looked at the group of bandits bringing over their loot.

They put on solemn expressions, but their lips were itching to form a smile.

‘At this point, who is the bandit?’

Even Baek Cheon didn’t notice his lips were rising into a smile. And…

“Stack it correctly.”

Chung Myung, on the other hand, was sitting cross-legged in his chair with a bottle in hand.

Wiping his lips, he looked forward and squinted his eyes.

“Your waist seems to be getting lower? Should I fold your back?”

The bandits were frightened and quickly lifted their backs.

The sound of alcohol being thrown down his throat could be heard. All the bandits could do was bow their heads towards the ground.

“If you have confidence, try using internal qi. Try it… your dantian will take a flight to god knows where.”

“We will not use it!”

The bandits shouted with their legs wobbling.

“Phew.I have gotten a lot better than in the past, in the past, I would have buried them all.”

Ahh.I shouldn’t be saying that.

Chung Myung continuously clicked his tongue for a long time and suddenly screamed as if his body had heated up,

“Ahh! The more I think about it, the more pissed I am! You bastard!”

And he rushed forward and kicked Kwak Gyeong in the head.

As soon as he was hit, Kwak Gyeong fell to the ground and Chung Myung rushed forward and grabbed the bandit’s head as he clutched Kwak Gyeong’s hands to his own back.

“What? What did that mouth say? Sensitive life? Tough life? For the day to come when I hear the sad stories of bastards. What? You chose this since you have no options?”

“Get hit if you did wrong!”

Chung Myung kicked him again, but Kwak Gyeong kept returning back into the punishing position.

Chung Myung turned to look at the riches.

“Those who have a hard time making so much, huh? Well, I can never believe what you robbers say.”

At that time, Hong Dae-Kwang ran to the bandits’ side.

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon!”

“From what I have heard from the beggars, it seems like these people never killed anyone. It wasn’t a lie.”

Chung Myung nodded and looked at him, and Kwak Gyeong spoke like this was unfair,

“That we never killed anyone! This is unfair!”

Chung Myung hit Kwak Gyeong on his leg and knocked him down, and began to step on him.

“What, you bastard! What did you speak about morals? Yah, you moron! If people say that you didn’t kill, is it supposed to be fine? Even Confucious himself would break his head if he heard about you! Where the hell is there a robber who would shout out loud saying he was being treated unfairly?”

Kwak Gyeong didn’t even open his eyes now as he knew that another excuse was going to shorten his lifespan.

“You are making a living by robbing and speaking about having a tough life! And I have to earn money by working!”

Chung Myung was enraged. At the same time, the kicking turned more frequent, and in the end, Baek Cheon had to speak up, unable to handle this.

“Chung Myung. He will die.”

“Wouldn’t his death do us all good?”

Baek Cheon couldn’t find a suitable answer, and he felt startled by this.

“N-No! Yah! Still, you cannot kill people just because they robbed others!”

While talking with Baek Cheon, Chung Myung, who had been stomping on Kwak Gyeong, finally stopped. And looking at the fallen man, he frowned.

He really wanted to catch all these idiots and hand them over to the officials.

“Now, now, calm down, Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.”

At that time, Hong Dae-Kwang intervened.

“Still, they haven’t killed anyone, and now it doesn’t even seem like they were robbing too much, just robbers with a conscience.”

“What? No, where in the world are such bandits? What? Now we have to say there is a murderer and a murderer with a conscience so the latter can have fun?”

Right, that wasn’t wrong.

Chung Myung trembled, looking at his fist, and then sighed.

“Tch,right, what good will beating you do.”

Bandits would never cease to exist. Even if this group were all wiped out here, a new group would spring up. If the new bandits were more vicious than the current ones, more people would die.

At the words of Chung Myung, all the bandits stood up so quickly it was more of a jump.

“…the more I think about it, the angrier I get. Now these bastards are in Shaanxi too?”

In the past, the glory time of Mount Hua had touched throughout the central plains, and the Evil Factions had gone extinct or were close to it. As a result, for the most part, bandits weren’t commonly encountered.

“What is your name?”

“K-Kwak Gyeong! Giant Mountain…”

“Giant Mountain my ass!”

Chung Myung growled at the title he didn’t have to hear and said,

“Get your minds together.”

“I am watching you. If I hear there to be a problem coming from this side, everyone here will die.”

“I-I will keep that in mind.”

Chung Myung looked at Kwak Gyeong with confused eyes.

It was irritating to leave them alone and it bothered him.

Besides, the biggest problem now was the Ghost Clan.

Starting now, the work they would do involved carrying goods to the rest of the world. Wasn’t Mount Hua already doing this with the tea trade right now?

‘I didn’t think much.’

The tea trade was a straightforward thing, but the problem would be much bigger if these bandits caught the Ghost Clan Members when they were delivering goods. As the value of these goods would be high, the compensation would also be high.

Even if they moved swiftly, they could still be caught, and Chung Myung wasn’t confident that there would be no issues with the strength of the Ghost Clan, which was lacking.

If they were caught? He would have to make a journey again…

Chung Myung was slightly worried and nodded his head after a moment’s hesitation.

“Yes, my Great Guardian!”

“Where should I go to meet with your leader?”

“Uh? You are talking about our leader? Or the Green Forest King?”

“…No, these bastards don’t seem to have learned their lesson. It seems like you only have big-big titles but no brain? What? Green Forest King? What kind of bandit bastard gets to be the king…”

Hong Dae-Kwang, who was listening to this smiled.

“You are also a Dragon? Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.”

“Did I add that to my name?”

Chung Myung shouted back. Even so, each time he heard his title, he liked it.

‘No. I have to catch someone and get a new nickname.’

“Well, where do I go?”

“No, the Green Forest King is not someone you can meet because you want to.”

“Uh?What is that supposed to mean?”

“Just as the Black Dragon King exists near the Yangtze River families, the Green Forest King exists where the green mountains are. The one who exists everywhere and doesn’t exist anywhere is the Green Forest King.”

Chung Myung nodded his head.

“What bullshit is that?”

“Is this how you answer? Your head doesn’t seem smart so you must have worked hard to memorize that, right?”

Whatever, that was pathetic!

“I have nothing to say. Tell that king who is doing something around here that I am looking for him.”

Hong Dae-Kwang was the one most surprised by his words.

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon. That man isn’t someone you meet because you want to. He too is a strong man! One of the five!”

“Then say that if he doesn’t come all his bandits will be killed.”

Hong Dae-Kwang’s face contorted.

‘This bastard is just wired differently.’

No matter how much he explained, this guy had no intention of listening. Even a cow would listen, but a wall? How would a wall listen?

“I-I will definitely say it.”

“B-But where are you going?”

“Why? Want to get revenge?”

Kwak Gyeong jumped up,

“I do not have such dreams! I just wanted to know so that our Green Forest King will know where Disciple is.”

“Ah? Is that so? Um, at the Ghost Clan…”

“Ahahahahah!No! No, Disciple!”

Do Un-Chan, the successor to the clan, who was watching, not wanting to get caught up in this situation, rushed at Chung Myung with his best speed.

This mad kid was attracting the Green Forest King, so he’d rather run than let the location of his clan be revealed!

“N-Not at the Ghost Clan! We cannot afford to have him!”

“No! No! I’d rather have my throat slit!”

“You are too timid.”

Chung Myung clicked his tongue,

“Then I can do nothing, tell him to come to the Tang Family.”

“Tang Family? The Sichuan Tang Family?”

“Is there another Tang Family besides that one?”

Kwak Gyeong frowned.

The Sichuan Tang Family was a Justice Faction member,

It was known to be a very dangerous place… and to invite the Green Forest King there.

He cannot keep up with the thoughts of this man anyway.

“I-I will tell him, but I don’t know if he will listen.”

“You just tell him.”

As if Chung Myung couldn’t be talked to, Kwak Gyeong turned to Baek Cheon.

“Is everything packed?”

“I put everything in but… can I really take all of this?”

“It is fine. We have grain left, and we won’t starve, so it is good.”

Chung Myung smiled and touched Kwak Gyeong.

“Or should we play around more? This meeting has been fun, right? Should we meet once again on these wide Central Plains?”

“…T-That will never happen! Never!”

Now with all their treasures wrapped up in cloth, Chung Myung nodded.

“It is done. Well, our business here is done…”

“Y-You worked hard! Go safely!”

“What do you mean go?”

“Wah, no compassionhuh?We will leave in the morning. Go and get the drinking table ready.”

The bandits waved their hands looking at the cart finally leaving. But their actions and thoughts were different.

‘Please go already you fucking dogs!’

‘What kind of bandits get robbed by Taoists! This world has changed!’

‘Let us never meet each other! Please!’

The oversized cart was being thrown down the side of the mountain, and Im Sheng coughed,

“Kuaaak!Those fucking things!”

He pointed his finger to the air and then gritted his remaining teeth…

“Yes, Leader! What will you do now?”

Im Sheng’s face contorted,

“Dirty and despicable, but since we have become bandits, should we continue to live as one? And what will we do when someone like that bastard comes along again?”

“Yes! Should I prepare? There is this place which has been looking good.”

“We move and everything will be done for.”

Im Sheng blinked his eyes, unable to understand, and Kwak Gyeong sighed,

“…they say rabbits die when they use their heads. Just take good care so that no other bandits come here and ask for only half of what they have in the future.”

“N-No. We are rabbits now? It isn’t like we are being monitored anymore.”

“Know who that beggar was?”

“A member of the Beggars Union. And do you have the confidence of avoiding their eyes and working?”

In the end, Kwak Gyeong slumped down.

“We are completely screwed man,huhshit!”

He groaned in despair, in silence.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.