Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Elder! What is all this?”

“Do not cross the line.”

As soon as morning came, the disciples of the Ghost Clan gathered, and they threw bewildered looks at Oh Jang-Song.

“…why? Are you not feeling confident?”

“No, I am confused. Who are we? We are disciples of the Ghost Clan, right?”

Oh Jang-Song nodded his head at their spirit, which was high even though it was only early morning.

“Right, the footwork we know, the Ghost Clan’s footwork, is second to none in this world.”

“Yes. But this is a race. What kind of nonsense is this…”

In response to the dissatisfaction of his disciples, Oh Jang-Song waved his hand.

“There is nothing to say. Just defeat them.”

Then, he turned his head and turned to the disciples of Mount Hua on the other side.

Right, why did this have to happen…

“Is this to prove what you are claiming?”

Oh Jang-Song frowned, looking at Chung Myung.

“You want to prove that training and work can happen at the same time?”

Oh Jang-Song frowned and raised his voice.

“Look! You are surely not saying lifting things and carrying heavy weights at the same time, right? Are you calling that some natural training?!”

Oh Jang-Song looked at Chung Myung with a distasteful face.

“Look here, Disciple. Training has meaning when the proper methods and the appropriate guidance are harmonized. No matter how much you perform laborious tasks, you cannot call it training!”

“It is just a way for teaching to happen. What matters is their goals and passion pushing them to their limit.”

Oh Jang-Song looked at Chung Myung like this was absurd.

“No… what the hell does this disciple even…”

“Elder Oh. Refrain from referring to him like that, this disciple’s name is Chung Myung, Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, who is said to be the one to be the best.”

And that title doesn’t even address the type of character he had!

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon?”

At Do Un-chan’s words, Oh Jang-Song looked at Chung Myung.

This young disciple, who didn’t exude the spirit of a Taoist, was Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.

However, now knowing the title and position of the other person, he couldn’t treat him badly. So he spoke with a softer tone,

“But even if you are Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, I will not agree to this. Especially when it comes to the techniques of our Ghost clan, we don’t need to seek any advice from other sects in the world.”

“That is a problem.”

“The world is constantly changing. Just because you made a name for yourself a hundred years ago doesn’t mean things will return back to how they once were.”

Chung Myung lightly touched the table with his palm.

“This is Kangho business, but wouldn’t it be useless to argue about that now? There is only one way to prove who is right on these plains.”

At his words, Oh Jang-Song’s eyes lit up.

“Are you sure you want to compete against our godly technique?”

Chung Myung smiled confidently.

“That is the fastest way.”

Chung Myung looked at him and firmly stated,

“If we lose, I will return the seal of your clan and leave your clan alone.”

“Instead, if we win, Elder will cooperate with what the Young Leader is trying to do.”

Oh Jang-Song agonized over it for a second, but he didn’t need long.

He opened his eyes and glared at Chung Myung.

“What did you just say?”

Chung Myung clasped his hands and said,

“No. It’s just that the person who calls the Ghost Clan’s disciples ‘the fastest in the world’ doesn’t have any confidence.”

Oh Jang-Song laughed, flustered, and then smiled with a displeased face,

“I was thinking of a good way to let this go for the sake of Mount Hua’s face, but you, Disciple, are really making it hard!”

“The Ghost Clan doesn’t shy away from challenges. So how do you want to settle it?”

When he finally heard what he wanted to hear, Chung Myung smiled and said,

“What method? It would certainly be nice to take down Elder, but this is a test of skill, so… it would be better to let my sahyungs and your disciples of the Ghost Clan compete with their footwork.”

“Do I have to come into it?”

Oh Jang-Song’s eyes went cold.

“There is no need for Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, who is called the best to step out?”

“Right. Doesn’t that make it better?”

“… it seems like our clan is being underestimated. Fine. I accept your challenge, but instead…”

Oh Jang-Song banged onto the table and said,

“If you lose, please return the Clan Leader’s seal and leave. If Mount Hua is a sect that follows its’ words, you won’t change your mind.”

“I am someone who sticks to their promises.”

Chung Myung, who was good at lying to the disciples of Mount Hua, was the one saying this.

“…I feel a bit like I am getting what I needed.”

Oh Jang-Song shook his head.

He didn’t care anymore, this was a challenge that was advantageous for them.

Oh Jang-Song looked at the disciple in front of him.

“This match is a matter of honor. You have to win this.”

“Do not worry, Elder!”

Akso, who answered confidently, looked toward the disciples of Mount Hua, who were in the corner of the training hall.

Seeing that they weren’t the least bit nervous made him angry.

‘Is this a well-doing sect?’

Of course, the Ghost Clan could not be compared with Mount Hua. Besides, wasn’t it barely an exaggeration to say that Mount Hua was the most famous sect right now?

‘Ignoring people because of that…’

“Why us, you bastard!”

“You run! You! Why do we have to deal with what you did!”

“Amitabha. Please go and die.”

Akso flinched at the words and curses that were coming from Mount Hua’s disciples.

They were all yelling at one person.

Baek Cheon opened his mouth with a shocked face.

“Didn’t we come to this place to conduct business… properly?”

“Then why are you headed for the opposite side?! Why?!”

“Ah, because words won’t work!”

Baek Cheon touched his chest,

“You must have done something! You!”

It seemed like their opinion of him wasn’t good, but Chung Myung didn’t care.

“I tried to solve it in a good way.”

“That old man said that they don’t need to listen to Mount Hua because their footwork is superior to ours.”

Baek Cheon’s face stiffened as he looked shocked, Chung Myung had just scratched his pride.

“Can you handle hearing that?”

“You would have been the first to do it.”

Baek Cheon looked at Chung Myung.

“Can we continue being calm? We should scratch them, even a little.”

The others didn’t believe the words of Chung Myung.

“He looks like a nice person, but see him now.”

“The moment he opens his mouth, lies spread!”

“Where are people this obvious? I’d rather trust our opponents than him!”

Chung Myung just had a grim face at the protests coming from behind him.

“I am telling the truth!? Why are you not…”

He had to convince them, but there was no way to prove it.

At that time, Baek Cheon scratched his head as if he were going insane and looked at the disciples of the Ghost Clan. As he could see, the other side seemed motivated.

He let out a deep sigh and said,

“I am sure this bastard did something, but even so, it is the honor of Mount Hua that is at stake here.”

“Then you do it! Why should we be pulled in!”

And Baek Cheon turned to Chung Myung again, and he just shrugged his shoulders.

“It won’t work if I go out, and it isn’t about who is faster now.”

“It just happened that way.”

Chung Myung, who received their glares, pondered what went wrong with these kids.

Baek Cheon continued,

“Now matter how the fight started, this is one we have to win.”

Tang Soso clenched her fist,

“My father said this too. Even if you made a mistake, make the other party lose! Then the mistake is covered!”

“…no, that is going too far…”

Tang Lord didn’t seem like it, but that man was also a whole museum exhibit.

Baek Cheon wiped his sweat off as he cleared his throat,

“Apologizing is one thing, but a match is another. And after all, I refuse to hear that Mount Hua is below the Ghost Clan!”

Baek Cheon led the disciples of Mount Hua to the center of the training ground, and in line with that, Akso and the other disciples walked over, facing Mount Hua.

Akso, who stood across from Baek Cheon, tilted his head several times and then said,

“You look like the very sassy kind.”

“Isn’t that better than being dumb?”

Akso, who got told off, gritted his teeth.

“It would be nice if your legs were as flexible as your mouth.”

“Even if they are stiff, it would be above your level.”

As Akso was getting angry, Elder Oh Jang-Song shouted loudly and walked out,

“Everyone knows the situation well, so I will explain it. This method is simple and easy to win. Do you see the tree on the mountain there?”

Mount Hua’s disciple turned around, searching for the mountain. They were standing on one, but what new mountain was he…

Soon, their eyes widened as if they would fall out.

They could see something hazy coming from behind the fog caused by yesterday’s rain.

It couldn’t be seen because of the fog… but the mountain was already so far that one couldn’t see it well, even without the fog.

“You are speaking about that mountain, Elder?”

Oh Jang-Song nodded his head, and the disciples of Mount Hua looked at each other, ‘Are they also such people?’

“Why? Is it difficult? If it is hard, then give up now.”

Unfortunately, Oh Jang-Song didn’t know how to handle the disciples of Mount Hua.

“Hard? On Mount Hua, we walk that distance on a daily basis.”

“Uh? I was wondering how far we had to go because it was a race, but this is a distance I could crawl.”

Mount Hua’s disciple looked at the distant mountain.

“The one who touches the tree there and arrives back here is the first to win.”

“Who will confirm that it has been touched?”

“Beggars Union Hong will do it.”

“…no wonder he was swearing about walking right from the morning.”

Baek Cheon felt bad for the man who got caught up in their work.

Such simple methods didn’t need questions.

But the problem was…

‘I don’t feel motivated.’

Baek Cheon sighed. No matter how much he thought about it, he couldn’t understand what he was doing.

He answered and looked at Jo Gul, Yoon Jong, Yu Yiseol, and Tang Soso.

“It won’t take long. Let’s do it.”

All of them were ready, and the disciples of the Ghost Clan were also relaxed.

Chung Myung smiled brightly and cheered,

“Win, Mount Hua, win!”

“I will kill him! I mean it!”

“That moron is seriously…!”

A moment of affection between sahyung-sajaes. Baek Cheon sighed and put strength into his legs. No matter what, he had to win…

With the signal from Oh Jang-Song, ten of them jumped forward like darts. And Akso clung to Baek Cheon, who managed to run straight away.

They were running so fast, yet talking calmly. He knew his opponents were tough ones.

“Did you hear the rules?”

“Isn’t it to chop that tree down and come back?”

“Tchtch.Mountain bums.”

Akso shrugged and put his hand on his waist.

As soon as he pulled his hand out, something flew to the feet of Baek Cheon.

A long thread with small weights attached on both ends coiled itself around Baek Cheon.

In an instant, Baek Cheon, whose legs were tied, couldn’t overcome the pace of his movement and collapsed to the ground, which was wet from last night’s rain.

The mud stuck to all of his body.

And buried face down, he didn’t move for a second when Akso laughed,

“He never said not to fight. Come forward slowly.Hahaha!”

The laugh was barely audible as he moved away… and hearing that.

Baek Cheon’s hands clenched the mud as if he were trying to crush it together, and the dust clumped together in his hand.

Slowly. He raised his head and brushed the mud off his face with one hand, and looked at Akso, who was disappearing.

Before long, a voice that was colder than the North Sea came out.

“… I will kill them all, these fucking bastards.”

Baek Cheon, who had the desire to win this, began to run like a beast with bloodshot eyes.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.