Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Oh Jang-Song blinked his eyes several times. However, the reality unfolding in front of his eyes didn’t change.

This was a match they shouldn’t have lost. He wouldn’t be confident if it came to a fight, but if they were competing with speed, then his disciples should have won.

And they had even raced on the route they usually trained on. Yet, Mount Hua’s disciples defeated them?

The disciples of Mount Hua, who had arrived before his, were now dragging the disciples of the Ghost Clan by their legs and arms.

Seeing his disciples fainted or unconscious, he closed his eyes.

The fainted disciples were thrown forward, and Oh Jang-Song gulped.

“What took you so long?”

When Chung Myung asked with a smile, Baek Cheon yelled at him,

“Are you really saying that? Did you just say that,huh!”

“I will kill him! I will!”

“…. I will cut his neck. Seriously.”

With Baek Cheon in the lead, the disciples of Mount Hua rushed at Chung Myung.

But this time… the results weren’t so different.

After kicking Baek Cheon away, Chung Myung clicked his tongue and approached Oh Jang-Song.

When Oh Jang-Song hesitated without answering, Chung Myung smiled.

“Why? You have a problem with this?”

Oh Jang-Song hesitated to open his mouth before shutting it again.

Looking at the faces of Mount Hua’s disciples, he knew what had happened. But now, his disciples were the ones in the mud.

“Where is the one who should declare it? I am asking if we won?”

Chung Myung smiled and nodded his head, while Oh Jang-Song’s face became red.

He had lived a good life, and he had experienced all sorts of things… but this was the first time in his life someone who looked so naive could sneer at him.

“You don’t need me to say it again, right? I will take this as you cooperating in the future.”

Oh Jang-Song sighed,

“… I get it. I cannot say two words with one mouth.”

“Yes, from now on, you will follow the words of Young Leader.”

“…isn’t that obvious?”

“Don’t just spout it, say it properly!”

Oh Jang-Song shouted and sighed. Chung Myung exchanged glances with Do Un-Chan and smiled,

‘That young disciple…’

He wondered why this disciple wanted to take that bet and increase Mount Hua’s work.

Actually, he thought that since Chung Myung was a young disciple, his rights were limited. If he had been treated as a head or an elder, then Do Un-Chan’s own elder wouldn’t have spoken up and would have kept silent.

But right now, being a young leader of his clan, Do Un-Chan didn’t have the experience or age, so he could only depend on Oh Jang-Song.

In the meantime, since Elder Oh had lost his match against Chung Myung, it was clear that he wouldn’t act like before.

Above all, the results of this match were observed by all the disciples of the Ghost Clan.

He thanked Chung Myung. And Chung Myung, who noticed this, also looked at him.

And seeing that, Do Un-Chan nodded his head and stepped forward.

He spoke with a firm voice bringing everyone’s attention to him.

There were no cheers. Because the truth couldn’t be accepted.

“But this doesn’t mean the Ghost Clan has lost. The Ghost Clan has chosen to be friends with Mount Hua. And there is no such thing as ‘winner or loser’ between friends.”

He spoke with confidence.

“Bring us alcohol! We will hold a banquet, and this place will be where the Ghost Clan welcomes Mount Hua as its friend!”

“Yes, Young Leader!”

Finally, a loud answer broke out.

Do Un-chan smiled and turned to Chung Myung,

“This might be a bit early, but Young Disciple, how about a drink?”

“Eh.Why bother with the time? Of course….”

But before he could answer, someone shouted.

Do Un-Can turned to see Baek Cheon, Yoon Jong, Jo Gul, and Yu Yiseol with Tang Soso, who had returned.

“…let us at least wash first.”

Do Un-Chan felt a little sad for them.

They washed up, and Baek Cheon was throwing glares to the other side. Akso was sitting across from him and was glaring back the same way.

The disciples from Mount Hua and the Ghost Clan, who took part in today’s match, glared at each other without paying any attention to the banquet.

Thanks to this, even the other disciple who should have been enjoying the banquet couldn’t even talk or enjoy it.

After staring at Baek Cheon for a long time, Akso finally spoke.

“… you don’t think you won, right?”

Baek Cheon responded with a calm face,

Akso’s cheeks trembled,

“If we really came out strong with…”

In an instant, Akso’s face turned red.

No, what is with this guy?

Akso grabbed the back of his neck and began to get angry,

“Yah! You are done! This time I am going to take you down!”

“I won, so why are you bothering me?”

As Akso was losing it, the ones next to him stopped him.

“Calm down, Sahyung!”

“This banquet is held by Young Leader! There will be a lot of trouble if something goes wrong!”

After hearing that, he finally looked at the Mount Hua disciples, unable to understand,

“Why? Is there a rule saying that Taoists must be beaten around? Be it a Taoist or not, walking into a fight, anyone can lose.”

Looking at Baek Cheon, who was confidently spewing these nonsense words, Akso laughed like this was ridiculous.

‘They are really Taoists?’

This guy, that one too, not a single thing said they were a Taoist.

“I acknowledge that you won. But do not even think about ignoring the Ghost Clan! We are the kind of persons who rage when we meet people from prestigious sects!”

Akso tilted his head at Baek Cheon’s words.

“Aren’t you from a prestigious sect?”

Baek Cheon chuckled,

“Have you ever heard of Mount Hua before a few years ago?”

Baek Cheon looked around.

“What you have is good enough to live. In the past, Mount Hua couldn’t even dream about this.”

At that, Yoon Jong and Jo Gul nodded their heads.

“They have a tub in their bathroom.”

Hearing this, Akso couldn’t hold back his shock.

‘What…. were they beggars?’

Baek Cheon waved his hand and said,

“Whether you swear at us or not, that is up to you. But don’t think we had such a good place to grow up in, as you did. And your words just don’t sit well with us.”

Mount Hua’s disciples nodded, and only Tang Soso didn’t get involved.

Baek Cheon grabbed the bottle of alcohol in front of him,

“And we will have to work side by side with the Ghost Clan in the future, so let’s clear out these old feelings.”

He pushed the bottle forward, and Akso sighed. He wasn’t an idiot to not know what this meant.

So he finally held out his cup.

Baek Cheon poured the alcohol until it filled Akso’s glass to the rim. Putting down his cup, Akso took the bottled and poured it for Baek Cheon.

“I didn’t like you right away.”

Akso and Baek Cheon’s gazes were filled with sparks.

“But let’s try getting along!”

The two glasses collided.

Tang Soso, who was watching this, sighed.

‘They aren’t kids, what is this?’

“The Eunha merchants will explain the details.”

Chung Myung, Do Un-Chan, and Oh Jang-Song sat facing each other.

“It will not be very difficult. And again, this is beneficial for the Ghost Clan.”

Do Un-Chan nodded. Oh Jang-Song had an awkward expression but didn’t oppose it.

Chung Myung was cut off politely by Do Un-Chan.

“We have nothing to worry about. Didn’t we decide to side with Mount Hua?”

“Even if we cannot make a lot of money from this, it doesn’t matter. I have definitely felt this, by following our old way, the Ghost Clan cannot grow. We want to see more distant things with Mount Hua.”

Chung Myung blinked his eyes as he smiled,

Do Un-Chan’s eyes were serious.

“We will make sure to do our job. So do not forget your promise of Mount Hua guiding the Ghost Clan.”

“Do not worry. I will guarantee it.”

A look of satisfaction crossed his face.

‘This is how it starts.’

Martial clans weren’t necessarily a place made in the mountains or within families. In the past, Mount Hua had expanded its influence by connecting with not just families but with small and medium clans too.

Of course, this was a small start, but if this process was repeated, then they were sure to regain their former renown.

Do Un-Chan continued with a small smile,

“Tomorrow, I will be officially inaugurated as the leader of the Ghost Clan. Basically, not just the disciples but other people will be invited to this event.”

“So I would be grateful if the people from Mount Hua could stay.”

“You don’t have to make yourself seem so grateful. We will be there.”

It was still unknown if the decision to side with Mount Hua was solely for profit or not, but the situation was clear that this was a chance that the Ghost Clan would never have.

Chung Myung looked at the elder.

“I have no intention of being bad to a possible good start. I will do my best when needed in this matter. And since it has been decided, this means the honor of the Ghost Clan is at stake.”

Oh Jang-Song spoke with enthusiasm,

“I heard from Young Leader that Young Disciple is the one who trains Mount Hua’s disciples, is that true?”

Oh Jang-Song shook his head like he couldn’t believe this. A Chung disciple was teaching the older ones?

Even if he was called Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon and the best in the world, this still felt too odd.

‘Is this how Mount Hua has made its name in recent years?’

By not being bound by the laws of the past?

It wouldn’t be enough just to say it again and again… it wouldn’t be easy to put into practice either…

“If those words are true, there is one thing I want from Young Disciple.”

“Tell us how to make our disciples stronger.”

He bowed deeply in front of Chung Myung, which was a bit shocking.

“Why are you being like this!”

“I have acted out of anger. But please know that it was for my disciples. And if you help us now, we will not hesitate to return this favor to Mount Hua.”

Chung Myung was impressed.

Actually bowing one’s head to someone as young as Chung Myung wasn’t an easy thing. Even if he was angry before, his actions now said the man truly worked for the sake of the Ghost Clan.

“I understand, so raise your head. This is no big thing.”

Oh Jang-Song was frowning.

But… what was this smile that Chung Myung had?

“Well, they can train like how Mount Hua trains, but…”

Do Un-chan and Gye Hyung shuddered.

Numerous scenes from their Mount Hua visit passed through their eyes.

“Since the Ghost Clan has to work but also has to train, the method will be a little different. So how do we…”

While the disciples of the Ghost Clan and Mount Hua were building their friendship with drinks, Chung Myung was discussing how to handle the disciples of the Ghost Clan.

The fact that the elder’s best disciple was getting to see the others’ future misfortunes was not known.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.