Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

A little taken aback, Tang Gunak tilted his head and shouted,

“Pae! Tang Pae, are you here?”

Tang Pae quickly opened the door and entered the room.

“Did anyone go to the shed while I was out?”

“Uh?Why would you…” asked Tang Pae with a puzzled face.

“Where was the purple-black iron that was in there?”

Tang Pae, who thought for a moment, looked wide-eyed and took a deep breath.

His mouth moved like he had seen what had happened.

“That… I did see Great-Grandfather pack something this morning while he headed to work… that… it was obviously taken from around…”

Tang Gunak’s eyes trembled when he heard this.

He hurriedly looked around. Come to think of it, the black iron was also not around, in addition, several precious metals had vanished from the shed.

The Sichuan Tang Family shed was located in the center of their living quarters, and it was never locked because only the head of the family was permitted to enter, so they were confident no one would enter without permission.

Tang Gunak’s face turned white, realizing what had happened, and he began to run.

Arriving at where his Great Uncle was, he ran inside and broke open the door as he gasped for breath.

But he couldn’t speak right away, as he was still gasping for breath.

Came the sound of a hammer. A sound that truly resonated within his heart. Tang Gunak had listened to the sounds of metal being forged all his life.

The flames were dancing around. The heat in the air and the sparks that were rising within the brazier.

Tang Gunak, the head of the Sichuan Tang Family.

Despite not walking the path of a craftsman like the others, he still understood the path. And because of that, he couldn’t say anything.

The best craftsman of his family was silently pounded into the metal in front of the flames, the man was pouring his soul into this sword.

Tang Gunak turned from Jo Pyung to Chung Myung, who was behind him. Chung Myung was simply watching what was being done.

At that time, Tang Jo Pyung said,

Tang Jo Pyung seemed to realize that the head was visiting without even looking. Tang Gunak approached them both like he had been possessed.

The sound of the hammer felt so strong to his ears. And Tang Jo Pyung reached out to the flaming furnace and pushed the metal in…

And then stared at it with golden eyes. The sound of the hammer had stopped for a moment, and so Tang Gunak said,

“Great Uncle, this…”

Without a word, Tang Jo Pyung looked into the furnace and took out the metal with some tongs again.

And the hammer began to move again.

“I lived my life in the Tang Family.”

“Sometimes I made swords, and sometimes I made other weapons, and sometimes I made things I shouldn’t have.”

Even though there were loud bangs, somehow, the words were still clearly relayed.

“Again and again, I continued to make things. I had no intention of being a craftsman, you see. I just made things for the family, and at some point, I was being called the best craftsman in the Tang Family.”

The old man spoke, thinking back on the past.

“But when I look back at my life, after reaching this age, I suddenly had this thought. What did I make?”

Tang Jo Pyung continued to talk,

“Take a good look, Head. I am not a warrior, and I have nothing to give. Even if I have something to tell, I cannot speak it since words are no good for me. This is the only way how I can show.”

Tang Gunak held his breath.

He could no longer find the old man who was always losing his mind. His sight was only filled with a craftsman who appeared devoted to metal and flame all his life.

A hammer that struck metal.

A swordsman who chooses the path of a Taoist pursues that path with a sword. Knowing that, how could there be no such path for the craftsman who wields a hammer?

A skill built over a long life. A belief that had been hammered into his body.

Everything coming together to forge this sword.

Tang Jo Pyung picked up the metal and dipped it in water as white smoke poured out.

In an instant, his voice sounded a bit low.

“…needs to be heated in flame, cooled in water, and then hammered out again.”

The voice explained the difficulties of the path chosen.

“Looking back, the life I lived wasn’t so different. Sometimes, it was fun, sometimes it was hard, but I continued to walk…”

Sparks began to fly.

“Sword Saint, do you remember?”

“I didn’t want to be a craftsman. I wanted to be a warrior of the family who handles poison, like my grandfather.”

“And Elder came over when you saw me crying because I didn’t want to touch metal.”

-Yah, you crazy son of! I don’t understand what is so great about wielding a sword. Those who live with blood on their hands are the most corrupt people in this world. And if there is no one to maintain and make their swords, what will be used to fight? Whatever you say, you need to be on the path that is best for you, now stop this.

Tang Jo Pyung smiled.

“I never imagined that the greatest swordsman would say something like that. Thanks to that, I was able to gather my heart, which didn’t like the situation, and walk on the path suited to me.”

Hearing those words, Chung Myung closed his eyes.

“Now I have to repay what you said. And Grandfather will like this too.”

Chung Myung’s lips trembled as he tried to speak,

“It doesn’t matter.”

The words he said were clear, but they were being buried under the sound of the hammer.

“The one who will use this sword is the Plum Blossom Sword Saint!”

“The swordsman from Mount Hua who will lead his sect to the top again.”

“What will be so different? Even if the Sword Saint used this sword, it would be passed down to Mount Hua’s disciples. The Sword Saint’s Mount Hua’s Sword. So if this sword is held in the hands of a disciple from Mount Hua, then this sword is a sword belonging to the Sword Saint.”

The metal was hit again and again. It was heated and cooled and then heated again.

Each time he held the hammer, his fingers would clench onto it again, as if the memories of the past and present were visible throughout this process.

His small white hands were now dark with blisters covering them, and his black hair was now white.

Did he earn something during such a long life?

Tang Jo Pyung, who was silently pounding on the sword, shook his head.

No, his life didn’t make much sense anymore.

The hammer landed on the metal.

And then three days passed, but the sounds of his hammer pounding on the metal didn’t stop. He was currently working on the body of the sword.

It was spotless and clear, with a sleek silver look.

The sword was about twice as thin compared to a normal sword. It looked light in weight, but it was actually too heavy to even describe.

On its lower end, leading towards the handle, was engraved the clear designs of plum blossoms. The pommel of the handle was made from the highest quality leather, with a green thread tied to the end, meant to display the artwork of the Tang Family.

“See,” asked Tang Jo Pyung.

And Chung Myung reached out to grab the sword. And soon, he closed his eyes, exploring this feeling.

The sword seemed stuck to his hand as if it were a part of him right from the start.

When he touched the blade with his fingertips, the body of the sword bent and then returned back to its original position.

It was soft for a sword but still hard. There were no more words to describe how wonderful this thing was.

Tang Jo Pyung held the sword out for Chung Myung.

Red plum blossoms were engraved onto the sheath made of black iron. It was like watching plum blossoms shining in the dark.

“Does this please you?”

Chung Myung hesitated for a moment.

How should I answer?

Chung Myung glanced at Tang Gunak, who smiled and nodded.

Chung Myung scratched his head as he said,

“I do not think I am qualified to evaluate a sword like this…”

“Does it please you?”

“To the extent that I cannot think of anything else to say.”

Tang Jo Pyung smiled brightly. With those words alone, it felt like all his hardships were being taken away.

“Then give it a name.”

“A sword which has found its owner must have its own name. Please give it a proper name.”

Chung Myung stared at the sword and grabbed the handle again.

If the sheath was like a plum blossom that bloomed in the dark, then the sword was like a plum blossom that shined in the daytime.

Boldly saying the name, Chung Myung smiled.

It was as if the name of the sword had been decided right from the start,

“The Dark Fragrance Plum Blossom Sword.”

Tang Jo Pyung closed his eyes.

Tang Gunak grunted like he didn’t like the name.

“Wouldn’t another name be nice? Of course, I know thatDark Fragrancecan express Mount Hua… but I don’t think it can express the beauty of the sword. If shortened, it would be the Dark Plum Sword, which is not a very nice…”

But Tang Jo Pyung, who was quietly thinking, smiled. Brighter than ever, like he was enjoying it. His eyes were wet,

“What a name. A nice name.”

Tang Gunak went silent.

He couldn’t understand why this elder was tearing up. However, Tang Jo Pyung, who had made the sword, was happy.

Chung Myung couldn’t take his eyes off the sword.

“I cannot think of another name for a Mount Hua sword made by the Sichuan Tang Family.”

Tang Jo Pyung nodded his head. The memories of the past vaguely passed through his mind.

It was a moonlight night.

Dark Saint Tang Bo and the Plum Blossom Sword Saint Chung Myung tilted their glasses while sitting opposite of each other at a table.

The swords here would be what symbolized the friendship between Sichuan Tang and Mount Hua.

“Please use this well.”

He could feel the coldness of his sword whenever he held it, and it wasn’t just the cold he felt.

It is also a little warm…

He pushed the sword into its sheath and took a step closer to Tang Jo Pyung, patting him on the shoulder with a smile.

Tang Jo Pyung smiled instead of saying anything.

Chung Myung, who was about to say something, turned his head away and cleared his throat,

“I am…uh,we need to see how the other swords are… right, I will go and see.”

Chung Myung turned and quickly walked out, making Tang Jo Pyung smile.

After a while, Tang Gunak said,

“Great Uncle, actually…”

Tang Gunak was wide-eyed. How many decades had it been since his great-uncle had called him like this?

“I have something I want to make. Prepare the workshop.”

“R-Right away? You haven’t had any rest.”

“A craftsman must not let go of his hammer till the day he dies. I have forgotten that for so long.”

Tang Gunak quietly studied Tang Jo Pyung.

A look of delight appeared on his face, a face that had so recently been lifeless. In the end, Tang Gunak smiled,

“I will do as you asked.”

When he quickly went out, Tang Jo Pyung looked so lost.

“The fragrance of plum blossoms…”

“…hasn’t vanished yet.”

The scent of plum blossoms seemed to deepen in the darkness.

The thick scent of plum blossoms that had remained in his memory didn’t vanish.

For a very, very, long time…

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.