Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Tang Gunak served a very delicate and fragrant tea, handing a cup each to Chung Myung and Meng So.

Chung Myung tilted his head as he shook the bottle he had brought with him.

“…you want to drink during our meeting too?”

Tang Gunak frowned as if this was nonsense he was hearing. Meng So clicked his tongue, also criticizing Chung Myung.

“Tch tch.You should know what should be done and when it should be done.”

Chung Myung looked at him, shocked.

He thought that even if all the humans in the world said such things, it would be except for this man. But he was wrong, and now he felt his soul being wounded.

“You can drink alcohol anytime, so put that away for now.”

When Tang Gunak admonished him, Chung Myung lowered the bottle with a sad face. Knowing that the look on his face was because he couldn’t drink, Tang Gunak shook his head.

Meng So cleared his throat and looked at Chung Myung,

“Disciple Chung Myung.”

“Uh?Why is the Lord acting like this after calling me here?”

Chung Myung’s words made Tang Gunak smile,

“I did call you… but Disciple, you are the one who created this.”

Meng So also nodded his head. His eyes were looking at Chung Myung,

“I see no difference between man and beast.”

“Are you insulting me?”

“No, no. It isn’t that,” he smiled and continued,

“If you live with animals for the rest of your life, you can see their habits in humans. But the interesting thing is if you look at it closely enough, animals also act like humans.”

Meng So turned his gaze to Tang Gunak.

“Like how the Tang Family Lord resembles a panther. Sharpness that can be seen from time to time, loftiness that is cleanly hidden.”

“Lord, you are exaggerating my skills too much.”

Hearing those words, Chung Myung raised his voice and asked,

“Then me? What am I? A tiger? A dragon?”

Meng So looked at him for a while before saying,

“Um,right. A snake… maybe a poisonous one… right,um.Close enough.”

“A poisonous snake?”

When Chung Myung suddenly turned, Tang Gunak smiled,

“He is like a snake.”

“…a great anaconda. Right, similar.”

In the end, it became unbearable for Chung Myung, who screamed,

“No! If you are going to say ‘snake’, then just say ‘dragon’! I am Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon!”

“Your insides are black.”

Chung Myung tried to look at them with wide puppy dog eyes, but such things wouldn’t work on these people.

“My insides are black?”

Did these two actually get along this well?

Just then, Meng So frowned and said,

“It is the right word. It is good that you have stayed on the side of justice. If you had joined the Evil Faction, then you would have been called a reaper.”

“No, still you people are…!”

What were they thinking about this Plum Blossom Sword Saint?

The person who dedicated his life to being the face of Taoism.

Sahyung! What do you think?!

-They are a hundred times right.

When Chung Myung threw a fit, Meng So chuckled and patted him on the back,

“Hahaha!Well, it’s true, so what can we do?”

However, their smiling eyes began to sink.

Well, could that be put into words?

‘He has gotten stronger since then.’

Even when Chung Myung had previously visited Yunnan, he was strong. But seeing him here, after a year, it felt like even more radiant growth had taken place, especially compared to before.

An incredible rate of growth.

At least among those in the places he knew, nothing could compare to this monster. Wouldn’t it be unknown if there were spirit beasts among humans?

“So let’s start the talks now.”

Meng So lifted the cup in front of him and gulped the contents.

And placed the cup back on the table.

“Let’s put the fun aside for now.”

When Meng So’s voice subsided, Chung Myung shrugged his shoulders calmly.

“This naïve taoist feels a bit awkward when you two speak like this.”

“You are a blackened Taoist.”

This mister… he came from Yunnan to say such things.

As Chung Myung pouted and went silent, Meng So looked at the two and said,

“If it is difficult for the Taoist and the Family Lord to speak first, then I can do so. I am not the kind to care about such things.”

He continued without giving them a chance to speak,

“With the import of tea to Sichuan beginning, money has begun to flow into Yunnan. In addition, Mount Hua’s support in acquiring rice has solved the hunger problem to a good extent.”

“It was just for the momentary benefit.”

“Right, it is as you said. But even a sip of water is precious to someone who is dying of thirst. Besides, that is what bought us time to spend the money we earned from the trade.”

Meng So looked at Chung Myung and bowed his head.

“Thank you, Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon. I express gratitude on behalf of the people of Yunnan.”

“…what’s this, making it awkward.”

Chung Myung cleared his throat, and the guy smiled,

“Anyway, seeing money coming in and Yunnan reviving… being human, I am feeling greedy?”

“You are asking an obvious question. I would also like it if I were to gain something more. And if possible, I want to make this awkwardly organized alliance a little stronger.”

Meng So’s eyes appeared filled with a particular meaning when he said this.

“As long as the Blackened Taoist wants it.”

“…Oh, you people have been driving me insane since I got here.”

Meng So smiled and turned to Tang Gunak.

“Of course, the situation is very good right now. But as you know, Yunnan is not a great land for farming. In the end, the situation is being handled right now because of the money we earned from the tea trade and the exchange of grain…”

He smacked his lips,

“As our reliance on grain from here increases, so does the risk to us. One day, if the Central Plains decides not to sell to us again… then there will be chaos within Yunnan. When people don’t have enough… when people are deprived of what they once had in abundance… we don’t know what they will get up to with their farm tools.”

Tang Gunak stared at Meng So.

This man was indeed smart and clever. Due to the strong voice, it is easy to misunderstand, but no one here was stupid.

“So, Yunnan needs a friend who will not betray us.”

Tang Gunak nodded at this.

“The same goes for the Sichuan Tang Family. By trying to mediate trade between Yunnan and Mount Hua, the Tang Family is making large profits. It cannot be denied that the situation is a lot better than before.”

Then he looked at Chung Myung,

“I hope this situation lasts for as long as possible. Not just the tea trade, but increasing the items we trade in.”

Chung Myung, who listened to what they said, scratched his cheek.

During the last war with the Demonic Sect, he had seen too much suffering. When a truly urgent situation arrives, everyone shuts their doors.

Soft agreements and the created loyalties were unreliable. Wasn’t it a natural law that man knew ten ways to move underwater but not one way to help the people?

In order to create a resolute relationship that didn’t change, one needed to create a situation where all saw benefit in that relationship. Just as Mount Hua, the Tang Family, and the Beast Palace had come together for the tea trade.

“But things are going well now. What more…”

At the words of Chung Myung, both Meng So and Tang Gunak looked at him,

“So much like a snake…”

“I’m not even surprised.”

When Chung Myung stayed silent, Meng So laughed,

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.”

“Didn’t we say it was just us? I don’t know if you believe us yet or not, but if you do, it is better to put everything out in the open.”

And Chung Myung nodded as if he liked this.

It wouldn’t have been bad if Chung Myung had taken the lead, but Meng So hoped that if he started first and they confirmed they were of the same mind, it would be easier for them to talk.

“Then before I speak….”

Chung Myung looked at the two of them and asked,

“Do you two believe in Mount Hua?”

“I don’t believe in Mount Hua.”

This time, the two answered differently… and the answer that Chung Myung wanted didn’t come from the mouth of Tang Gunak.

However, Chung Myung didn’t ask again, and Tang Gunak said,

“I believe in you, not Mount Hua.”

Tang Gunak’s eyes were pretty serious, and Chung Myung just shrugged.

“What do you mean? I am someone who follows the will of Mount Hua.”

“Isn’t it the other way?”

Chung Myung wiped the smile off his face.

“As you might know, the situation isn’t so good. The Evil Faction has begun to move, and Shaolin has lost its influence. The Five Great Families, which used to move as one, are now moving separately.”

“Things will come to a head soon.”

Chung Myung nodded as if this were bound to happen.

“At times like this, a situation might arise in which the power of one sect will not be enough. Then, we unite with those who are trustworthy.”

“A union of the three factions?”

“Around that,” said Chung Myung firmly.

“The answer is as Lord Tang said. The Lord of the Tang Family believes in me… but not in Mount Hua. If we are like this, will the Mount Hua disciples or the Tang Family disciples ever trust the other?”

“And the same with the Beast Palace. The Beast Palace has goodwill towards Mount Hua, but that goodwill is the result of the historic Mount Hua, you are not on good terms with the Tang Family.”

Certainly, this was true.

“No matter how close we become, if we only saw that we are friends or have a good relationship, it will not reach those below. The best way is to create a relationship where one sees the other.”

“To feel like a family?”

Chung Myung had experienced this once in the past. Even Southern Edge, who Mount Hua hated, had come together with them to deal with the Demonic Sect. They had each others’ backs when they fought together.

To foster a familial atmosphere, a shared sense of belonging to a common ground was necessary.

“I am certain of this.”

Tang Gunak looked at Chung Myung with suspicious eyes.

“Disciple Chung Myung.”

“Those are good words. But I don’t feel like those are all your intentions with this?”

Instead of answering, Chung Myung turned to the map of the Central Plains, which was hanging on the side of the wall, and smiled,

“The Nine Great Sects One Union and the Five Great Families….”

“I am going to put pressure on all of them and make a new plan. I am tired of a world that Shaolin looks down on, where Wudang is arrogant, and Namgung coerces others.”

“We will develop our strength starting with the west side of Kangho. In the end, the goal is to bring the initiative here, to us.”

Press down Shaolin? Wudang and Namgung too?

A bizarre plan was what this was. All these long years, countless sects had tried. A battle for power under an established system would never create a new power.

But to hear those words come out from Mount Hua… the sect that was ruined…

“You think it is possible?”

Chung Myung replied more decisively.

“Is there any reason not to?”

“Kuahahaha!None! None at all!”

Meng So nodded his head, he liked Chung Myung’s words.

“A man should be able to aim for that much.”

“That isn’t something that can be done alone.”

“So, will Lord Tang not get involved?”

At the words of Meng So, Tang Gunak sighed.

“I cannot do that, but…”

He looked at Chung Myung, and after a moment of silence, he nodded.

“One should pay the price for making a bad friend.”

“Eh.You benefit from making good friends.”

No more words were needed.

Tang Gunak and Meng So must have drawn a similar picture from the moment they had first gathered here. This was just meant as a way for Chung Myung to confirm this.

Chung Myung lifted his bottle from the floor. Then, he poured alcohol into the empty teacup.

Tang Gunak drained the tea from his cup before offering it to Chung Myung. Chung Myung, who poured some alcohol into it, offered up his own cup.

Finally, the three of them raised their cups at the same time.

“For the arrival of a new world.”

“No,” said Chung Myung.

“The new world won’t come, it is to be created. We will make it.”

The two of them stared blankly at him.

They saw it again. The world where this dark Imugi would rage.

At that time, Tang Gunak cut off his words,

“But if an alliance is formed, who will be the leader? We still need to choose a leader.”

Meng So burst into laughter,

“What are you talking about? It is obvious!”

And they all shouted,

The eyes of the three interlocked with the others. It was as if sparks were flying from these connections.

If it were elsewhere, they could yield. But they were all heads, and now it was time to pick the alliance head, so they couldn’t yield.

“The Nanman Beast Palace is the largest.”

“The Tang Family is the strongest.”

“But there is a long history behind Mount Hua.”

All their faces contorted at the same time.

“You Central Plains people! Of course, my Beast Palace should be the leader!”

“…after collecting so much from us, it isn’t right to do such a thing.”

“Originally, this kind of position is taken by a Taoist! It isn’t a position ruled by money!”

As soon as Chung Myung said this, the other two shouted,

“You are the craziest for money!”

“Right, the craziest!”

The formation of this Western Alliance, which would one day bring new change and a different flow to the history of Kangho, was generating cracks right from the start.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.