Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The three of them glared at each other with disapproving eyes.

“…you have to know how to step away from your stubbornness.”

“That is what I want to say.”

Chung Myung clicked his tongue, watching the Beast Palace Lord and Tang Gunak.

“Those who are old enough to grow white hair shouldn’t lust after positions.”

“Age doesn’t matter!”

“It isn’t like you can eat hard food.”

They really fit along very well…

If there were no problems in the process of making an alliance, there was no need to worry about what happens after. Just breathe.

Meng So, the Lord of the Beast Palace, frowned and sighed.

“Tch.An alliance means that you need to agree with each other in the first place. If you only talk about the benefits of one life over another, even with an alliance, how can our situation be any different from before?”

Tang Gunak and Chung Myung bowed their heads. Meng So sighed and continued,

“So, you two act like good men and yield.”

“No, what is with this man!”

“I don’t even want to listen!”

The three of them began to glare at each other again, but then they sighed at the same time.

“Ugh.Let’s talk about this later.”

“…right. Palace Lord, we can decide later.”

Eventually, the three of them, tired of trying to persuade one another, stopped. Tang Gunak drank at once, cooling himself down. It seemed like the conversation was quite difficult, with no end to the screaming and fighting.

After emptying his cup, he said,

“It is already nice that the three sides have met like this.”

However, their reactions were quite cold. Tang Gunak’s eyes trembled.

It was hard to deal with Chung Myung alone, now he had another larger-than-life guy acting exactly like him!

He cleared his throat. If he got caught between these two, then it would become a mess. He was already too deeply involved, but that could be reversed.

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.”

With a low voice he said,

“Making an alliance isn’t difficult. There is a will to do so, so it is solely a matter of formality. But the problem is that once news of the formation of the alliance spreads, it will bring trouble.”

“Hmm.From the Five Great Families?”

“Right. And the same from the Nine Great Sects and the other Five Palaces too.”

This made Meng So smile.

“This is expected. No person would want to let go of a single grain of rice from their hands. There is no way they can let stand a power remain that can threaten them.”

Meng So, the Lord of the Nanman Beast Palace, knew this better than anyone. For example, how long have the sects of the Central Plains kept the palaces in check?

When needed, these sects could go and discuss things. But when the need was gone, the people from the palaces were called barbarians. That was something they had experienced countless times.

‘It’s not simply because the palaces are separated from the Central Plains.’

Kunlun, for example, was a place that cannot be called a part of the Central Plains, and their sect was hardly doing work within the Central Plains. However, Kunlun could still solidify its position in the Nine Great Sects.

So, in the end, there was one piece of difference between Kunlun and the Beast Palace.

“They only respect those who operate within their own set order. If Mount Hua forms an alliance with Sichuan Tang and the Nanman Beast Palace, they will see us as being against them.”

Tang Gunak nodded in agreement with the words of Meng So.

“They might not pick a fight right away. But in the end, they will end up pushing you as an enemy. It will be difficult to find a compromise with how things are happening between the sects and the families.”

Chung Myung nodded his head without any reaction while Tang Gunak asked,

“Have you thought about this problem?”

“…I just said it. In the end, we have no choice but to be outed. But wouldn’t it be difficult to, with only the strength of the three of us, deal with all of them? Can this be believed? Isn’t it a fools’ plan for only us to get stronger and try to deal with them all?”

Chung Myung waved his hand at the gaze of Tang Gunak.

Of course, it was quite natural that Mount Hua was becoming stronger. But even so, they cannot be reckless, not around Chung Myung.

“Then, is there something else on your mind?”

At that question, Chung Myung turned his head and looked at the map that was to the side.

“Well, isn’t it obvious? Grow the bait.”

“We gave this… thing the grandiose title of Alliance, but even so, it is just three different factions coming together. We simply just need to get more.”

“Then, which sect do you plan to appease?”

“Of course, there are many around.”

“…is it that simple?”

Chung Myung wiggled his fingers.

“What reasoning is behind the fragile, distant relationship between the Nine Great Sects, Five Great Families, and the Five Palaces?”

“To keep one another in check?”

“As if. It is because of the literal distance.”

Chung Myung nodded and explained in detail,

“To put it simply, it is like this. The Tang Family is in the southwest, and Namgung is to the east. Even the Peng Family is to the northeast, and the other sects are the same.”

“As a result, if something happens, it will take a year or more for another family sect to go and give support. At this point, what is the point of an ally that takes this long to come and help you? That is why there is this status quo type distance.”

Meng So nodded as if he agreed.

The Palaces were also located on the outskirts of the Central Plains, which was why it was never easy to get support when they were in trouble.

“Close neighbors are better than distant relatives. First of all, we need those who will come running when a problem arises. Now, unlike the Nine Great Sects and the Five Great Families, we should recruit from within the region.”

Tang Gunak looked at Chung Myung.

Nodding, Chung Myung smiled,

“So, we can start by seducing the sects to the west. It would be much better if they belong to the Five Great Families or the Nine Great Sects.”

“Is quite obvious. It is so they become weaker, what is more satisfying than stealing another’s power?”

Tang Gunak nodded his head as if he understood and asked with a smile,

“I have something to ask.”

“As you have laid out, there is one place that fits perfectly and lays to the west. They can run first when there is danger, and above all, the Nine Great Sect’s power will weaken.”

“I am talking about Southern Edge. What do you think?”

As soon as the name ‘Southern Edge’ came out, Chung Myung gnashed his teeth.

“That… that… uh… Southern Edge… Southern Edge….”

Chung Myung, who had been making groans, scratched his head.

‘That place, it is like a thorn!’

This was the problem, this was the problem!

Chung Myung’s plan was to gather the sects to the west and create an alliance meant to assist one another, unlike how things went in the past. However, the only place that met all those conditions was Southern Edge.

It was right next to Mount Hua, was a member of the Nine Great Sects, and had a certain level of influence.

In other words, if they could get a sect from the Nine Great Sects to defect, the foundations of this alliance would be laid. Without Southern Edge, this wouldn’t be an alliance.

“The Emei Sect can come in depending on the situation, Kunlun is a place that is further west, so it wouldn’t have much impact. But Southern Edge is different.”

“If we cannot get them, our voices and forces will not be strong enough.”

Watching Chung Myung gnashing his teeth, Tang Gunak smiled.

He had never been this happy to see someone troubled in all his life. But it seemed like the more time he spent with Chung Myung, the more his personality was spoiled when he saw something fun.

“Southern Edge… Southern Edge, that damned…”

Chung Myung, who had been mumbling for a long time, glanced at the two and said,

“Wouldn’t it be a lot nicer if we could just invade Southern Edge and then take them down?”

“…you want to change sides to the Evil Faction?”

“Hahahaha.Such fiery words.”

Meng So laughed at this.

“Do not mess around.”

Chung Myung looked at his cup with a blank face.

“Anyway, I will think about it.”

“I know quite a bit about Mount Hua and Southern Edge’s relationship, so I will not rush it, but this is something that has to be decided swiftly. Whether to take Southern Edge in or not.”

“Then we have a rough idea of the foundations of the alliance. By forming this alliance and persuading the larger sects to declare us officially. Sichuan Tang will handle the troops in Sichuan.”

“The Beast Palace will constantly be in touch.”

Meng So and Tang Gunak turned to Chung Myung,

“And Mount Hua, Southern Edge…”

In the end, Chung Myung hissed like a cat, and this made the other two smile. This made it so their frustration against him began to start cooling.

Meng So, who had a chuckle at this, said,

“Look, Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.”

“I don’t know your plans, but the Five Palaces are quite strong. It wouldn’t hurt to have them.”

Chung Myung scratched his cheek.

“I will not force you. I know better than anyone how hostile those people are. It is certain that persuading them will not be easy.”

Even the Nanman Beast Palace wouldn’t have held hands with Mount Hua if not for the Plum Blossom Sword Saint. This was all luck.

“For now, we cannot touch that.”

“Which is why I said…”

“I sent a letter to the other Palaces, except one.”

“Asking them to join?”

“No, I do not have the ability to do that. Perhaps you and the disciples of Mount Hua might visit, so I told them not to be too harsh.”

“If you think about it, we five palaces have formed a relationship, so you will not be kicked out just because you are from the Central Plains. If you have time, do stop by there.”

“For now, I understand. But I don’t know if there is time.”

“Then it cannot be helped.”

After that, the three went on to discuss some more things they wanted to talk about, and they now had a rough idea of the foundations of this alliance.

“Oh, it is so tough.”

Chung Myung sighed as he relaxed his head.

“As expected, I am not the kind to use my head.”

“Hahah,leave it to me!”

The Beast Palace Lord said so while thumping his chest. Chung Myung could only look at him with tired eyes.

‘Don’t tell me you are going to call yourself the Zhuge Clan.’

Damn it, this kind of thing always needs people like that!

When Chung Jin was there, things would go so smoothly for Mount Hua.

-Ahhh!Sahyung! Didn’t I tell you not to do that?

-How many times have I told you to think before swinging your sword?

-What is even on your head…ack!Why did you hit me?! Why! What wrong have I committed?

…No… maybe one shouldn’t listen from Chung Jin’s POV.

“Now, things have been roughly accomplished.”

Tang Gunak drank tea with a tired face, and he spoke with a slightly subdued voice.

“Now, there is one more important thing left.”

He seemed tired, but there were still some serious matters.

“Simple, but important. The name of the alliance.”

Come to think of it, they hadn’t decided on one. Tang Gunak asked Chung Myung,

“Is there any reason to be concerned about that? Since the sects are all from the West, it is enough to call it the Western Alliance.”

“…that makes it feel so roughly built.”

He scratched his head awkwardly with his fingers while Tang Gunak narrowed his eyes and said,

“In my opinion, it would be better to include the character of West. The other is…”

Tang Gunak glanced at Chung Myung and continued,

“How about Friends, the Western Friends Alliance?”

“We get stuck with the term ‘alliance,’ but you want us to be called friends, where profits and power ranks are not discussed?”

“Something similar.”

Meng So and Tang Gunak turned to Chung Myung.

But Chung Myung frowned as if he didn’t like the name.

“Just because we started in the west, do we need to be stuck there? Just because we will start in the West doesn’t mean we will end there.”

“Because if you name us the Western Friends Alliance, it will be difficult for those elsewhere to join. I wouldn’t do that.”

“Those who want to come under the sky as one. We have to put the character for Heaven and make it the Heavenly Friends Alliance.”

“The Heavenly Friends Alliance.”

“Under the heavens, we do not discuss profit or power, but friendship. It definitely creates a unique alliance atmosphere.”

“Are you going to pursue a small will instead of a great cause?”

“I don’t know what the cause is.”

Chung Myung shrugged,

“The Nine Great Sects will handle that, so we can gather and eat and live well. How does that sound?”

At the words of Chung Myung, Tang Gunak and Meng So raised their smiles.

“The desired outcome!”

The three looked at each other with determination.

“Then I will call for the launch of the Heavenly Friends Alliance soon. And the two of you will need to prepare for the required tasks.”

Tang Gunak finally sighed and tapped the table.

“Then, enough for today…”

Meng So and Tang Gunak glanced back at Chung Myung, and the question ‘Is there anything else left to say?’ was plastered on their faces.

“We were supposed to talk later…”

A spark that wouldn’t die shone in the eyes of Chung Myung.

“No one can leave here until the issue has been decided! Not even one step!”

The two of them, having met the most horrible guy in the world, sat in silence.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.