Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The disciples of Mount Hua, puzzled, looked for the head of the Tang Family.

It had been a while since they had recovered from their hangover sleep, but there were no signs of loud voices from the door.

“Can you hear anything?”

“… I can’t hear anything, though?”

Neither they nor the Tang Family were able to get close to this place. Even if one superior shouted, their subordinates pretended that they did not hear them.

Whenever Mount Hua’s disciples couldn’t overcome their curiosity and moved closer, the members of the Tang Family would glare at them. It was as if they took another step closer, the Tang Family members would shoot their poison needles.

And so, everyone had to keep their distance from that place.

“What are they talking about?”

It sounded like a fight was happening inside, but with two Lords in there, there was no way that Chung Myung would be alright…

It was the moment their worries were taking over….

The door to the room opened up, and a person appeared.

It was Chung Myung. He had white smoke coming out of his mouth, and like a ghost, he swayed when he walked.

They looked inside to see Tang Gunak and Meng So shocked and spread across their chairs.

The disciples of Mount Hua couldn’t understand, so they approached Chung Myung.

“What did you do in there?”

Chung Myung glanced back and smiled like he loved this world.

“You don’t have to know, but it was uncomfortable. I will just put it out there that I have obtained my rightful authority, which I will never give up?”

They couldn’t understand what he was trying to say with this, but when they saw the face of Chung Myung, they understood.

‘He battered them down.’

And then came the groans of Tang Gunak and Meng So from within the room.

‘Now even the Lord of the Tang Family and the Beast Palace Lord are suffering in this bastard’s hands.’

Where is the fairness in this land?

However, the culprit Chung Myung, had a proud expression, like a dog that had never been treated properly.

“Is our luggage all packed?”

“No, because the cart is still being repaired.”

“Uh?Cart? The one we brought?”

“I said to sell it. Why bother repairing it? You want to drag that heavy thing back?”

“I was going to sell…”

“… when I thought about it, it seemed like we shouldn’t be the only ones doing this.”

Jo Gul’s eyes shone as he said,

“We tried it, and it was a very good thing, this thing. There is no other way to train your lower body. We cannot be the only ones who do this great training! I am going to drag that cart back to Mount Hua and introduce this method to our sahyungs and sajaes.”

“…then you will have to drag it back?”

“I can endure that.”

“For the sake of my sahyung-sajaes, I will endure any number of tortures!”

Chung Myung’s face turned pale at their words.

… will this be alright?

For real, are these kids sane?

When he came back to his senses, Baek Cheon and the others all possessed a spirit that Mount Hua didn’t have in the past; it was only now that he realized this.

“Anyway, since the cart is being repaired and it will be done by evening, we can start tomorrow morning, early.”

Chung Myung just stared at them, and Jo Gul suddenly shouted,

“You said you wouldn’t touch us?! You said it with your own mouth! Let me go home, you damned idiot!”

“Ah,who said anything?”

Chung Myung licked his lip like he didn’t care.

‘These are the times I should back down.’

“Fine. We rest today and leave tomorrow.”

“I am going home… oh my, I came all the way here and almost missed going home…”

Even if he was criticized for being unfilial, the guy could say nothing back.

Jo Gul turned to Yoon Jong,

“Sahyung, you have nothing to do here, let’s go home.”

“Well, my home will be more comfortable than the Tang Family.”

Yoon Jong just nodded, and Jo Gul looked at Baek Cheon.

Baek Cheon looked at him for a moment and said to Chung Myung,

“I think that I should visit the Merchant’s Union once with Baek Sang. It sounded like he had something to say to the Lord there.”

Among the disciples of Mount Hua who came to the Tang Family, Baek Sang had the most work. He had to coordinate the tea trade with Yunnan on behalf of Hyun Young, who couldn’t make it.

“It seems like being a member of the Finance Hall fits him better than I expected.”

“Elder was also happy. Actually, Baek Sang was a pretty swift learner.”

“Unlike Sahyung, the ignorant Jo Gul, who knows nothing despite being the son of a merchant?”

“Yah! Stop dragging me in?!” yelled Jo Gul, his face flushed with embarrassment, but Chung Myung just snorted.

“This is something Sahyung should be doing, though.”

“If I did that, I would be inheriting the family business!”

Jo Gul was the kind who had to take up this task because he was good at it.

Actually, it wasn’t like he didn’t already know. It was a matter of martial arts when it came to his talents. Jo Gul got tired from calculations, while Baek Sang was good at such stuff.

“Well, fine. Then tell everyone to gather here by tomorrow morning.”

And so, finally, the disciples of Mount Hua were given some rest. And soon, the disciples scattered.

Baek Cheon, Jo Gul, Baek Sang, and Yoon Jong moved to Jo Gul’s house while Yu Yiseol was dragged around the city by Tang Soso.

Yu Yiseol, who never had much interest in it, had a crumbled expression. However, stopping Tang Soso, who appeared incredibly determined to keep going, seemed impossible.

And Hae Yeon set out to find the nearest temple from the Tang Family, parting with the words that he had to take care of his mind and body, which had been eroded by the demon.

Thanks to this, Chung Myung, left alone in the Tang Family, was taking a comfortable break after a long time.

A tiger the size of a house was lying on its back, sweating profusely. Chung Myung was lying on it, holding a bottle of alcohol in one hand and stroking Baek Ah, which was playing tricks.

“This feels so nice.”

How long was this break?

After all, he couldn’t remember the last time he had a proper rest. If people run without rest, they will eventually break their legs; sometimes, one just needs to rest.

“I like everything here. So good…”

The fur of a tiger was softer than expected, and their bellies were much warmer too. To the point where he could just fall asleep.

“Does Mister have nothing to do? You are a beggar.”

“What do beggars even do?”

Hong Dae-Kwang, the problem, was grinning at him.

“And I am doing my job right here.”

“…I am sure you are.”

Chung Myung shook his head.

“If you came all the way to Sichuan, shouldn’t you run and look around? Your sect’s name is still the Beggars Union, so go get some information.”

“Tch tch,what nonsense is that.”

Hong Dae-Kwang clicked his tongue.

“Where in the world is a place with no beggars? There are beggars all over Sichuan. All the information I can find is already with them.”

“But! No matter how many local beggars there are in Sichuan, none can enter the Tang Family. It is better to be inside and get information than to be outside right now.”

It was a pretty plausible explanation, so Chung Myung smiled,

“Do you have anything then?”

“Of course. I have some information that might be of interest to you.”

And instead of answering, he looked at Chung Myung.

“As a senior in this life, I can tell you that everything has a price. Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, if you want information, it should be at the right price….”

“You seem to be under the impression that everything you ate and drank on your way here was free. Why do you think this happened? On the way back, I was going to make you eat grass off the ground.”

“…I did something that was wrong.”

He saw what was done to the monk, so he imagined Chung Myung wouldn’t hesitate to turn another man into a goat…

Hong Dae-kwang cleared his throat and said,

“I picked up a couple of things, but most have nothing to do with you, but there is one thing.”

He looked to the sides to make sure no one was there and spoke in a whisper,

“You know what I said before?”

“Uh?What did you say before?”

“That Tang Family Lord went to the other side all alone, to the Ten Thousand People Clan.”

Hong Dae-Kwang had a serious expression,

“It seems like that happened despite some opposition.”

“It seems like the position of the Lord has improved a lot within the family. But even so, you cannot do everything as you please. But isn’t this something that people turn a blind eye too? It is the Ten Thousand People Clan?”

“So, he had a lot of resistance to this. Why did the Tang Family have to be a shield for Mount Hua? However, it seems like the Tang Family Lord ignored all their concerns and moved forward anyways.”

Nodding, Chung Myung picked up the bottle he was holding and sipped from it. Wiping his mouth, he said,

“I didn’t even ask him to do it.”

He turned to the sky…

An ink brush was gliding along the white paper. Tang Gunak, who was filling out papers by the light of a lamp, put down the brush and rubbed his hand.

He had been working a little too much since Mount Hua had arrived. Of course, he was focused on making the swords for them, as well as re-coordinating the tea trade with Yunnan and eventually laying the foundations of the alliance.

Work came pouring in, so he couldn’t rest. Moreover, it was because he knew that this was the most important time for his family to soar high again.

He grabbed his teacup and frowned. Seeing that it had cooled down, he realized he had been working for longer than he had thought.

Someone knocked on his door.

A knock on the door meant someone was there. No matter how concentrated he was, there were very few people in the Tang Family who could not be felt by him.

“Shouldn’t you be asking something about who it is?”

“It is obvious who it is.”

The door opened, revealing the person standing behind it.

With a grin, he held several full bottles in his hands.

“How about a glass?”

Tang Gunak glanced at the papers he was working on and smiled,

“Sounds nice, it will help me relax.”

The empty glasses were quickly filled. At the small pond to one side of the house, there were two people who sat facing the antique pavilion built in the middle of the pond.

As alcohol filled their glasses, the moon now stood above them and the pond.

“You will be leaving tomorrow.”

“Yes, there is a lot to be done.”

At those calm words of Chung Myung, Tang Gunak smiled.

“I have always prided myself as someone who was always busy working, but looking at you… I wonder if I am taking too much pride in myself.”

“Eh.What are you saying?”

“These aren’t just words.”

In spite of those words, Tang Gunak shook his head.

“The people of Mount Hua might not feel it. It is a movement with you. But looking from the outside, Mount Hua has truly accomplished so much in such a short time.”

“It is embarrassing. Because I don’t have passion and the ability like you do.”

“You rate yourself quite harshly.”

“Harsh…” pausing, he continued, “I see…”

Tilting his glass, he bowed to Chung Myung, leaving him shocked.

“Why are you doing this?”

“Thank you for taking Soso to Mount Hua.”

Unexpectedly, Chung Myung went silent.

“Of course, as the head I shouldn’t do something like this. But as a father, I need to say it. I must say this is a bit embarrassing, but Soso looked so happy after going there. She used to be this protected flower, but now I can look at her and know that her time here was unhappy.”

“That is a misunderstanding.”

Chung Myung shook his head,

“Of course, she might seem more vibrant in person, so it makes sense to think this. And it is natural that you feel that way because you hadn’t seen this side of her. But Soso wasn’t unhappy here, she was always strong and positive. Now, she has just found another life which suits her better.”

“And it is the Lord who allowed her to live that life.”

Tang Gunak looked at Chung Myung and nodded.

“Right, thank you for putting it like that.”

“Eh.I am the one who is grateful here. I heard you stopped the Ten Thousand People Clan. Thanks to you things have been less difficult.”

“No problem,” Tang Gunak cut his words short, “It is natural to encounter such things. That is the role I have.”

“It wasn’t something I did to get recognition. It was something I had to do.”

Chung Myung tried to say something more, but Tang Gunak raised his glass.

Chung Myung didn’t say anything and raised his glass.

The two glasses collided lightly and the moon swayed within the clear alcohol.

The two of them emptied their glasses without another word or look. They just drank in the glow of the pleasant looking pond.

“A lot will change with the alliance being formed.”

“Yes, because there will be a system to put into place.”

“Perhaps the relationship between Mount Hua and the Tang Family will change a little.”

Chung Myung smiled and filled the empty glass of Tang Gunak. Looking at it, he said,

“A lot of things might change. Right, things will change. But one thing won’t.”

“The fact that you and I are friends.”

Instead of answering, Chung Myung looked at the moonlit sky.

“Such a nice night.”

The two looked at each other and smiled.

“Such a nice night.”

The two continued to drink, not noticing the moon quietly set down and be replaced with a bright sunlit sky.

Just like the time when Chung Myung and Tang Bo would share a drink.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.