Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The finance helper, no, Im So-Byeong, gulped down the water and wiped his lips.

This looked more like…ah,right…

‘It looks like how Chung Myung drinks alcohol.’

‘He is drinking water with such passion.’

“Oh my, I am sorry. I was trying to do what I wouldn’t normally do, seriously.”

Im So-Byeong smiled and spoke in the same way as before, as if his dignified appearance was nothing but a lie.

When he acted like this, the disciples of Mount Hua became even more confused.

“Then… this…uh…this side….”

What should he be called?

However, Baek Cheon didn’t have to worry about that, as Im So-Byeong gave a clear answer,

“Yes, I am the Green Forest King. Call me Im So-Byeong.”

“Then the coughing from earlier….?”

“Ah,that is true, I am naturally weak.”

Just then, the guy who had pretended to be the king rushed in and offered Im So-Byeong some medicine.

“It is time for your medicine.”

“You should have brought it before I drank the water, you foolish fat bastard!”

With eyes full of annoyance, Im So-Byeong lifted the bowl filled with medicine and drained it at once. Then, as if throwing it, he handed the bowl back.

“Wuk,for real. How many times do I have to say to add something sweet!”

“They said if something sweet is added, the effectiveness of the medicine will decrease.”

“Damn it, I am going to die from exhaustion caused by this medicine before I die from this illness.”

Im So-Byeong swung his hand like he didn’t want to talk to him,

“Out now. I have guests.”

The man, Jang Han, went back as the Mount Hua disciples silently watched this exchange.

That wasn’t the Beast Palace Lord’s brother, but just someone who helped out the Green Forest King, who was weak?

Possibly guessing their feelings, Im So-Byeong smiled,

“I apologize about that because this is all about trying to make a living.”

Unable to hold back his curiosity, Jo Gul asked,

“A good question. A really good one.”

Im So-Byeong spread his fan, covering half his face.

“What kind of person did you think the King would be when coming here?”

The disciples of Mount Hua pictured the Green Forest King.

A beard and a leopard….

“That was it, right!” loudly shouted Im So-Byeong,

“It means there is a certain image the people expect the King to have! When we met if a dried anchovy came over and said he was the king, right?”

“Uh…it was just a little strange.”

Im So-Byeong couldn’t overcome the frustration and patted his chest,

“The Green Forest King isn’t picked based on the size! They make fun of people just because they are short or a little skinny!”

The disciples of Mount Hua just nodded as if they understood.

“Not all bandits wear leopard skins or are massive in size!”

At that time, Chung Myung, who was listening, smiled as he said,

“But that’s only because bandits usually grow thick beards and wear animal skins.”

Im So-Byeong waved his fan fast, trying to cool his head.

“Because if not for that, business would not happen. If they are asked to dress neat, listen to and eat…eh!Changing one by one…achoo!No! This damned pollen.Cough! Cough! Kuak!”

He stopped talking and started coughing like his lungs were going to come out of his mouth at any moment. He covered his mouth and coughed, but that didn’t help, so he grabbed a bottle and drained it.

And after calming down, he continued slowly,

“Well, that is why I had no choice but to put that guy there as the Green Forest King.”

“Ahh.So he was placed for that?”

“Yes. In Green Forest, he is one of the…. You don’t need to know that.”

Everyone’s eyes turned to him, to Jang Han. Standing behind Im So-Byeong, he looked strong.

‘Definitely has the looks to be the Green Forest King.’

‘I always heard that prejudice is a scary thing.’

At that time, Im So-Byeong folded his fan and looked at Chung Myung,

“But… how did you know I am the king?”

“Well, I have many reasons, but…”

Chung Myung shrugged,

“There is no need for a strong man to bow to a weak one.”

Im So-Byeong was shocked.

‘He saw through both our strength….’

There was no way he could have hidden more than that. Moreover, his martial arts were not something people could value or guess. It simply would be impossible to do that…

‘Are you saying that this young disciple saw through all of it?’

“This… from the start, I was playing on your palms.Haha.Should I be ashamed now?”

Contrary to what he said, the guy looked rather bold.

“You said many reasons, so can I hear another one?”

“It is not particularly great. In the first place, the Green Forest King is not a small position, but the fake didn’t look that smart.”

Im So-Byeong looked at Chung Myung.

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon… Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon,uh.People praise your advanced skills and growth potential, but Disciple Chung Myung, I see that you are a real Taoist. One who sees the essence of things without being deceived by appearances. That must be the truth for those who follow the Tao.”

Baek Cheon’s eyes trembled.

Something was being very horribly misunderstood here.

Im So-Byeong opened his fan with twinkling eyes,

“I don’t know how long it has been since someone has seen through me. Since I met such an important and precious guest, of course, I should treat them accordingly. What do you want?”

Chung Myung seemed excited now,

“It is nothing special, to be honest. I wanted to do a couple of things together.”

“What kind of things?”

Chung Myung stood tall,

“Is there a map or a plan that shows where all your bandit groups are located?”

“…did you say ‘map’?”

Im So-Byeong leaned back in his chair with a concerned face, but then the man who played the fake king screamed,

“You! Do you have any idea what you are asking?! What would happen to us if we give up the locations where our people are located….”

“I said to go grab the map.”

When Im So-Byeong opened his eyes wide, the fake guy nodded his head,

“I will go get it right now! Please wait.”

Then, with speed that didn’t match his size, he rushed out.

With a smile, Im So-Byeong said, “Please try and understand. He is a guy who was born with strength, so at times… he has a foolish side to himself.”

“I think having him around would be frustrating.”

“Ugh,it is a bit like that, but what can I do? Each person has different needs… but also uses. Even if he looks like that, he is helpful.”

“I guess so. I would die of annoyance carrying that one.”

Chung Myung glanced back.

“What! Why are you looking at me!”

When Baek Cheon got angry, Chung Myung shook his head,

“I can always discard them.”

It was upsetting and unfair, but they couldn’t act rashly now. In the meantime, Baek Ah, who was on Chung Myung’s shoulder, kept glancing at Baek Cheon and smiling strangely.

“H-Here! I brought it!”

The giant came back and opened the map.

Chung Myung checked the map, and his eyes shone like he was having fun.

“If you look at it, there are places where it is really important that people are able to move through.”

“That is to be expected. A bandit group only has meaning when people come and go using their mountain. When rumors spread that there are bandits there, wouldn’t people try and find ways around?”

Im So-Byeong smiled,

“Then being at the neck of the path is most important. How safe the bandits are is based on how well they work around this. They should settle down at one point, on an advantageous path, where people have no other choice but to take that path and let a moderate amount of things go.”

“In other words, you are saying that the most important travel points are all being controlled by Green Forest?”

“Yes, yes, you catch on quickly.”

In the end, there was a high chance that the Ghost Clan would cross paths with them.

“We can change the conditions.”

“In addition to allowing us the right to pass through, let us also use the mountain for lodging.”

Im So-Byeong didn’t expect this,

“Are you saying you will use the Green Forest Bandit houses as your guest houses?”

When Im So-Byeong stuttered it out, Chung Myung clicked his tongue,

“Our express delivery people are fast, but their martial arts are weak.”

“The most dangerous time is when the couriers are sleeping or resting. And they are fast when it comes to running, but if they take a break and someone decides to hurt them… they will end up losing it all.”

“We might not need to face this right away, but there is no law saying that people won’t aim for them with this timing. Robbers might be ready to hit.”

“Finding and punishing them doesn’t seem like a difficult task for you, though?”

“It is a question of efficiency. It isn’t like I am free, and it is annoying to find them and beat them each time such things happen. It is better to be careful now than deal with it later.”

“… those words are correct.”

So he thought of using the Green Forest as guest houses?

‘No, no. This is actually reasonable.’

Except for calling their houses guest houses, there was nothing wrong with what he said. There was no other safer place in the mountains. Even famous warriors wouldn’t enter a stronghold controlled by the Green Forest Bandits.

So maybe that was the safest place in the mountains.

“Besides, if I issue orders in my name, no one will want to covet them, right?”

“Yes, that is my point.”

The Green Forest Bandits were all spread around. As the disciple said, if his people were swift couriers, then stopping at the mountain to rest after running hard would not be troublesome anymore.

Im So-Byeong burst into laughter and jumped up from his chair, and approached Chung Myung. Baek Cheon flinched at this, but the guy grabbed Chung Myung with sparkling eyes.

“I thought that you were a Taoist with ancient thinking, but you say such interesting things. You, you make me think you are nice.”

“Hehe.This is a kind of prejudice too.”

“Kuak!Yes, yes! I, who suffered all my life under prejudice, have done the same. As a gentleman, I am quite ashamed of what I did.”

At those words, the disciples exchanged glances.

‘What bandit speaks like this?’

If a bandit was saying this, was a pirate a scholar?

There were a couple of things they wanted to point out, but they didn’t want to get caught between the half-bandit and the half-Taoist.

“So we just need to provide protection and shelter?”

“There will be times when they come in with something else, those are the times when we need you to help us.”

“Then, will Young Disciple help us?”

“We need to be satisfied with the conditions on both sides for this to work.”

“So sensible! Very! You, Disciple, are a very rational person who is not like the others.Hahaha…. Cough! Cough!”

Mount Hua’s disciples looked at the guy who was back to coughing and holding his stomach. In the meantime, Hae Yeon mumbled with displeasure, as if he didn’t like this new friendship.

Im So-Byeong cleared his throat and coughed,

“But I guess that isn’t the only reason Disciple is suggesting this, right?”

“Well, we can talk about that later.”

“Is it an interesting thing?”

The tension faded, and the two of them had sneaky smiles on their faces.

‘What kind of conspiracy is that guy trying to make?’

‘They get along so well.’

Im So-Byeong, who was laughing, suddenly stopped and turned around. He went back to his chair and leaned back,

“I like it, very nice. It is nice to meet someone I can talk to comfortably for the first time. This isn’t a bad proposition since we make money. But….”

The smile on his face grew wide,

“The Green Forest is as such. We seek profit, but there are things that aren’t solved by rationality alone. In this case, our laws are simple. The stronger one is the right one.”

“How is it?” asked Im So-Byeong as he smiled widely, he looked like a different person now.

“Are you confident that you are qualified to work with us? And do you have the courage to prove it?”

His body began to emanate qi.

Mount Hua’s disciples stepped back as this felt too scary and tyrannical.

Chung Myung waved his hand, and the energy that forced them down broke away, making it easier to breathe.

Chung Myung looked at the guy and said,

“The law of the Green Forest is what?”

“Sounds interesting.”

“Just like Mount Hua”

“No, don’t say that!”

“Mount Hua is a Taoist family! We have strong self-esteem, what does that have to do with strength!”

Chung Myung couldn’t stand their nagging and spoke to Im So-Byeong,

“If I have to prove it, I will do it. But you better be careful, I don’t know how to lay low.”

Baek Cheon smiled as Chung Myung said this.

‘He is going to break a head.’

Ugh,our Chung Myung.

You know how to work things back.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.