Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Chung Myung lifted his head and stared at Im So-Byeong.

“So, how about it? Will you come and face me yourself?”

At those words, the eyes of Im So-Byeong flashed.

But it was only for a second,

“No, as you can see, I am quite weak.”

He waved his hand like he didn’t want to, and his gesture made those who watched him feel bad.

“Using this body…cough! Cough!Isn’t…cough!Oh my….”

It seemed like if he would even swing a knife, he would cough up blood and collapse right there. Seeing this, Chung Myung tilted his head and said,

“You look strong for someone who is weak.”

“I am as weak as I look.”

Hae Yeon, who had been silent till then, couldn’t stand it and asked Mount Hua’s disciples,

“…do you people understand what those two are talking about?”

Hearing that, Jo Gul whispered back,

“If you don’t know, then pretend that you understand.”

It wasn’t a proper answer. Still, Hae Yeon was comforted by the fact that there were many others like him.

Im So-Byeong glanced at Chung Myung with a troubled face.

“And… still, I am the Green Forest King, wouldn’t it be bad of me to fight against a young Taoist?”

“What is bad about it?”

Chung Myung, puzzled, asked him.

“Who will take responsibility if I lose?”

Chung Myung didn’t have an answer for such words.

Was this man for real?

“Safety first. Safety is the first law of the world. Solving problems is important, but being able to stop anything before it becomes a problem is best.”

Im So-Byeong spoke like he was teaching them something amazing and scratched his head,

“Ugh.So in many ways, it will be difficult for me to do this. You need to have a suitable opponent.Hmm,with whom…”

“Then what is there to worry about? From the looks of it, that guy seems good.”

“The one behind you.”

Im So-Byeong glanced at the fake king. And then looked at Chung Myung like he couldn’t understand.

After a moment of thought, he jumped up from his seat and gestured to a corner.

“This way for a moment.”

“This way. Come this way.”

Not knowing why, Chung Myung moved closer. Grabbing him by the shoulder, Im So-Byeong turned him to the wall and pulled him into a bow.

“See here, Disciple.”

“I thought Disciple would understand why I am doing this. Basically, bandits are all muscles and no brains. First of all, they have no process called ‘thinking’.”

“Is that something that a King can say?”

“What can I do when it is true? When they hear my orders, they just complete them without a thought about it.”

“That is why I do obvious things. ‘It seems like those who take the King’s orders are strong,’ ‘The King ordered those who are strong,’ it might sound the same, but it has a completely different meaning here.”

“It is quite subtle.”

“Surprisingly more simple than subtle.”

In the end, it was believed that the more visible and acknowledged their strength became, the more favorable things would become for them.

‘Evil Factions are like this.’

They showed resistance when a title stuck to their heads, but didn’t they act quickly with their tongues?

Mount Hua was the same?

…skipping over that for now.

Im So-Byeong frowned and continued,

“Even though he looks stupid on the outside, it doesn’t mean that his martial arts are low. That guy is born with amazing powers, and he deserves to be known as someone who can pull a mountain out of the ground.”

“Not that one! It is not that! He can pull out a proper mountain!”

“Ah,I see, I get it.”

“Cough! Cough! Hehe,I was a bit excited andcough…. Cough!”

When Im So-Byeong coughed in front of him, Chung Myung pulled his face back, but Im So-Byeong didn’t care and shook his head.

“Disciple, you seem to be confident in your skills, but he is a stupid thing that doesn’t know how to carry out a mission with moderation. And then you will have to defeat him with all your strength…”

“…No, like I said, you cannot do it.”

“I said I can do it.”

Im So-Byeong stared at Chung Myung with slightly heavy eyes as if searching for something and then laughed,

“It looks like I said something unneeded.”

Seeing the two smile and laugh, the disciples of Mount Hua felt very exhausted.

“No matter how I see it, this looks like a conspiracy.”

“That isn’t strange anymore. Aren’t we living in such a place?”

“And it feels like Chung Myung found his place.”

The biggest problem was that the aforementioned Taoist was speaking with a bandit leader and smiling.

“Wait!” shouted the fake king, who was standing.

No, actually, he was just talking, but it seemed like a shout.

“Green Forest King! Are you saying you want me to fight that Taoist?”

The big man’s face contorted,

“King! It is my duty to follow your orders, but I am worried that I will get stuck with the young man, only to bring back bad results for the king!”

Im So-Byeong sighed and said,

“Then create the results I want.”

“That will not happen! How can I be a man if I don’t do my best? That is an unacceptable request!”

Im So-Byeong looked at Chung Myung,

“See? Do you see what I mean? Because that is how it is, these people. I get an upset stomach because I have such people under me!”

“… No, if it is so hard, why be a bandit…”

“That is all I have, what do you expect me to do? Eat and live. That is all.”

Im So-Byeong covered his face,

“Anyway… will it be fine?”

Chung Myung shrugged,

“We have to give a nice show…”

But the man screamed again,

“Please think again! Does it make sense of me, who is a snake, to compete against a Taoist, who is a mouse?”

The guy bowed his head, and the onlooking disciples of Mount Hua glanced at Chung Myung.

‘Uh…it isn’t like this…’

‘Mister, why are you doing this?’

Those who knew Chung Myung felt a bit shocked by the man’s words. No matter what the context was, Chung Myung wasn’t someone who should be provoked. It isn’t because he doesn’t care, but because he took it very seriously.

“If you get bit by a mouse, you will not feel too upset, right? Will you be fine?”

When Chung Myung smiled, Beon Chung snorted.

“Young man, you have made a name for yourself, but you lack fear.”

“Ah, that is a misunderstanding.”

“Thinking I don’t have fear. Just because I got a little famous doesn’t mean my lungs are inflated… Because they were already inflated, I was always as such.”

At those words, Baek Cheon and others nodded.

“The undeniable truth.”

“If you think about it, there is no timid bone in his body, his confidence has grown so much.”

Beon Chung blinked his eyes.

‘What is with these people…?’

He felt this starting a while back, but these people seriously didn’t have an attitude befitting someone entering a bandit’s lair.

Even those who were famous warriors tended to be a bit nervous in the face of the Green Forest King.

But weren’t these people acting like this was their home? Even in the presence of the King, they were….

That was the kind of attitude that people from a mountain sect had?

Beon Chung couldn’t understand what this Mount Hua was.

But whatever their attitude was, in the end, all he had to do was decide.

“You really want to do this? Come out. If you desire it so much, then I will break your limbs.”

“Ah,will you? Yes, I like that.”

Chung Myung smiled happily,

“Come, come. Let’s end this swiftly.”

A soft smile spread across his face, and the disciples of Mount Hua closed their eyes.

People were gathering around.

“I heard that Mr. Beon Chung is fighting against Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon!”

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon?!”

The bandits all came.

Green Forest was a place where strength was everything. As a result, whenever there was a small or big issue, it was often that a spar decided who won the dispute.

They were so accustomed to martial arts being used that their best efforts were only laid into said martial arts.

However, in this place where checking the strength of the other was common, sparring was not so common.

“One of the Green Forest Ten Shadows and Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon!”

“Even if I have to die later, I will watch this!”

All those who came out were bandits, and in the middle of the circle they formed were Chung Myung and Beon Chung.

Baek Cheon, who was silently watching this, turned to Im So-Byeong, who was next to him.

Im So-Byeong shook his head and placed a finger to his mouth,

“Please call me Finance Head from now on.”

Im So-Byeong looked around as he said,

“Ordinary bandits do not know about me.”

Baek Cheon couldn’t hide how absurd this was, but the guy shrugged it off,

“Of course, they know that Beon Chung pretends to be the King, but they don’t know who the real King is.”

“…do you have to do that much?”

“If you want to fool your enemies, you better start with your allies. And, if possible, wouldn’t it be better if the existence of the King remained mysterious?”

This man was not sane either.

At that time, Yu Yiseol, who was listening to this, quietly said,

“It must be a hassle.”

Im So-Byeong shrugged,

“It is fine. There are my escorts, the Ten Shadows, and apart from them, there are many other spies placed among the bandits. Most of us are polite and accept the information as it is. Assuming they hold a high enough position, they will accept anyone as King and treat them with respect.”

Im So-Byeong looked at Chung Myung and Beon Chung with stern eyes.

“In other words, the ten Shadows means that they are recognized as best in the Green Forest. If one of them is defeated by Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, Disciple Chung Myung will get recognized as a strong man in the Green Forest and as a friend. The more strong friends, the better.”

Baek Cheon tilted his head.

He couldn’t understand what this thought process was. But since the king had said so, there was no way it would be wrong.

“Then are the Ten Shadows the best in Green Forest?”

“Ah,not that. The Ten Shadows are literally my escort and agents. The roots of the Green Forest are the bandits, and there are twelve stronger people in Green Forest.”

“But even a position among the Ten Shadows isn’t that easy. To be honest, if one is a normal warrior, they will feel so tired that they would wish for death.”

Hearing this, Baek Cheon said,

“Right, if that was a normal warrior.”

“If it was a normal warrior.”

“If it was a human.”

Im So-Byeong didn’t understand, but Baek Cheon asked another question instead of answering the King’s,

“Then, if I were to compare you to an ordinary sect, I would say that Green Forest’s Warrior Beon Chung is a warrior at the level of a first-class disciple, right?”

“Ugh.That doesn’t quite fit us, but sure.”

“…then this is wrong.”

“…what is it that you were talking about since earlier?”

Watching Im So-Byeong’s face, the disciples sighed.

He will soon find out.

“Even now, if you withdraw, I will spare your limbs.”

“You keep saying the same things as before. Then, if I touch your shoulder it will hurt a little, right?”

Beon Chung opened his eyes,

“I know that you are strong.”

“Fame isn’t something you get for nothing. If the claims are untrue, if there is no reason, then the rumors don’t stick for long.”

Chung Myung looked at Beon Chung. The guy seemed like an idiot, but he was aware?

“Then you must be someone who grew up in a nice place. You cannot beat me in real life. That thin sword might scratch someone’s body, but it will never touch bone.”

“The moment I hold it in my hand, you will know just how fragile your body is. And then, do not feel regret.”

Chung Myung lowered his head and looked at his sword,

It felt like the sword that was made for him was being ignored. If this were the usual Chung Myung, he would have pulled his sword out and proved it…

He finally drew his sword.

And then pushed the sheath into the ground.

The sheath was lodged inside the floor.

“…what are you doing?”

Beon Chung tilted his head.

“Looks like you are too confident in your strength.”

And slowly raised both his fists.

“I put down my weapon to fight with my strength.”

Beon Chung was a bit shocked.

“With your strength?”

“Are you saying that a swordsman will fight using only their strength now?”

“Of course, it would be easier with a sword, but…”

Chung Myung smiled and snapped his fingers,

“I don’t have a nice personality. It is my preference to break down the confidence of my opponent. You seem confident in your strength, so why not try it?”

The guy’s face slowly distorted, anger was clearly written across it.

“D-Did you just make fun of me?”

With his pride wounded and his face stained red, he screamed,

Because of his size, it was like a mountain had erupted, and with this came a decent feeling of intimidation.

Beon Chung was ready to take Chung Myung down.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.