Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Beon Chung’s size was twice that of an ordinary adult, and Chung Myung was already small compared to a normal warrior.

Seeing those two in the same place made it seem like Beon Chung was three times larger than Chung Myung.

Chung Myung was right in front of his rushing opponent, it was like watching a weasel be put in front of a bull.

Seeing his reaction shocked everyone, even Im So-Byeong got up.

Rather than running away, Chung Myung was walking, stepping toward his opponent.

“What are you doing!”

Of course, he didn’t think Chung Myung would lose. This guy was the famous Divine Dragon. His winning nature wasn’t super concrete, but he was sure that Chung Myung’s defeat wouldn’t come this weakly.

But that was the story when he wielded a sword.

He had never heard any rumors about Mount Hua using their body to fight. So, what kind of confidence did he have to go against Beon Chung like this?

But at that moment, a calm and weak voice entered his ears.

“Tch tch.He will still be hurt bad.”

Im So-Byeong turned to the disciples of Mount Hua with a shocked face.

Their sajae, probably, was on the verge of being hit by a bull, so why were they so relaxed?

But he didn’t have time to question them, as Beon Chung had swung his arm to attack!

His arms raised high, plunged down on Chung Myung!

At that moment, dust scattered in all directions, and the two were hidden by this dust cloud.

Those who were watching closed their eyes.

Bandits prided themselves on watching rough scenes like this, but even they felt like this was filled with too much destruction.

‘Tch tch,why provoke people….’

After a while, the bandits frowned, unable to check the results. But, when the dust finally settled, they all questioned what they saw.

Beon Chung’s arm, thrust down, was still hanging in the air. And under that arm was a short man, and his arm, which was way too thin, was extended out.

The bandits were all shocked by this.

With that stick-like arm?

This was something they couldn’t believe, but how could they deny something this obvious?

Even Beon Chung’s overbearing face was shocked.

Chung Myung, who casually blocked the arm, clicked his tongue.

“For what reason did you say such things?”

And lightly pushed away the huge arm.

Beon Chung, shocked for a moment, was startled by this and stepped back. He looked back and forth between his arm and Chung Myung, he couldn’t understand this.

He thought he had hit a large lump of metal.

It was like the giant rock he practiced on. Was it possible to feel such a thing from that thin hand?

Whether or not these feelings were known, Chung Myung just tilted his head and rolled up his sleeves.

“From what I thought….”

“You seem to be messing around.”

Chung Myung smiled, it was a smile that said, ‘This is nice’. And on the other hand, Im So-Byeong was shocked.

Chung Myung always held a nasty smile, but now he was at a loss for words.

That guy’s attack? Was it that easy?

Even if he didn’t know martial arts, if judged by pure physical strength alone, Beon Chung was the second strongest person.

Even those stronger than him would never fight the guy head-on.

Even if a tiger was stronger than a bull, it was said that the tiger would shatter if it charged the bull head-on.

Setting aside the tiger, Chung Myung, who was like a fox, stopped the bull.

Of course, strength was not everything.

The power of a martial arts warrior was half innate, and the other half came from the body. No, there were many cases in history that said that there was more to this too.

But even taking all of this into consideration, it was still odd. At that time, Im So-Byeong heard the disciples of Mount Hua whispering,

“I knew it would be like this.”

Im So-Byeong turned his head and asked,

Seeing his shocked face made Baek Cheon smile.

“It might sound strange, but of all Mount Hua’s disciples, he is the strongest.”

“Not just the strongest.”

“He is at a level that makes no sense.”

Im So-Byeong narrowed his eyes.

“Ah,it might seem that way, but…”

Baek Cheon smiled a bit bitterly.

Actually, it was hard to believe that he was a disciple of Mount Hua. It was even harder to believe he was the one who held onto the Chung disciples right from his first day.

“A graceful sword comes from a strong body.”

“If the body doesn’t withstand it, can the sword withstand it?”

As they recalled the past teachings of Chung Myung, the words he would nag them with began to flow from their mouths.

Yu Yiseol quietly recited it.

But what really annoyed them was that Chung Myung nagged correctly.

“Even if we collect all the iron lumps in Mount Hua, we cannot keep up with his training.”

“You add rocks and irons, then play with them like they are marbles.”

“… if only we had a voice, we could have said something.”

The disciples of Mount Hua all sighed. Im So-Byeong looked at them and then at Chung Myung with an expression that said that this was ridiculous.

Chung Myung rolled up his sleeves, revealing his arms. He groaned loudly at the sight but quickly closed his mouth.

At first, his arm looked skinny. But the muscles that were revealed each time it moved were like hard lumps of iron. It was to the point where they wondered how long the guy had trained his muscles.

“On the contrary, this is a bit…”

The disciples of Mount Hua shook their heads, looking at the bandits.

“It seems like the bandit known to be the strongest, is actually weak.”

“Didn’t you think he would pass out with a tap?”

The bandits wearing the clothes of a sect were seemingly clicking their tongues at the real bandits. Im So-Byeong was really at a loss for words now.

‘The more I know, the more I don’t know what they are doing.’

His face distorted a little.

Even if his body wasn’t the best, when people ignored his subordinates, he felt angry. He had his bandit pride, after all.

‘Beon Chung! What are you doing!’

Im So-Byeong’s eyes looked at his subordinate.

Beon Chung began to sweat.

He, too, had gone through so many battles… no, he had hardly been through many battles, but since he was a child, he had been put through many hard situations.

So just this one clash was sufficient to understand the abilities of his opponent.

It wasn’t just his martial arts that were strong, but the body itself. This meant that the natural strength of Chung Myung’s body without using internal qi wasn’t inferior to his body in any way.

He couldn’t understand how this was possible.

Chung Myung clicked his tongue and stepped toward him.

Beon Chung stepped back.

Then, realizing how others would see him, he stood tall. In this place full of bandits, one that was strong, flinched? No, that would be embarrassing.

“…you. You might have been lucky enough to stop it once, but you will not get lucky twice.”

Chung Myung smiled again and stopped right there.

He then extended his hand wide and opened it to Beon Chung, and said,

“Then come at me, and let’s see. Let us fight with our strength, not using any techniques.”

Beon Chung gulped, looking at Chung Myung.

He usually preferred a fight without technique, and the others knew this too. So he couldn’t hesitate,

“I will make you regret saying that!”

Beon Chung, who shouted loudly to shake off his thoughts, put his hand on Chung Myung.

The big hand had somehow covered the small hand.

Strength over strength.

It was such a battle.

Watching this, the crowd was shocked.

Beon Chung shouted loudly, and he began to clench his hand, the veins of which could be seen bulging. A thick, bloody vein could be seen on his forehead.

His face flushed at the thought of going out strong against his opponent. And soon, his strength caused his feet to sink into the ground.

He was ready to make this a scene that would go down in their history.

His form was like that of an angry giant, and as he used all his strength with a red face, and everyone watched, completely still.

The sound of bone twisting could be heard, and even though Beon Chung’s feet were pushing into the ground, Chung Myung didn’t budge.

The dichotomy between the appearance of Beon Chung, who seemed like he would spout blood, and the calm appearance of Chung Myung, was very odd.

“Ugh! Ughhh! Ughhhh!”

Finally, Chung Myung’s arm moved a little.

But that was all, his wrist didn’t move anymore, and Chung Myung’s body didn’t budge.

And then Chung Myung said,

“Tch tch,having natural strength is surely good.”

His opponent looked wide-eyed. It was difficult for him to utter the right words because of this, but Chung Myung, who was receiving this pushing force, spoke calmly.

Moreover, there wasn’t even a hint of a groan in his voice.

“What good is natural strength in such things? No practice, just drink and sleep with the wine, sometimes going around stealing others’ money, so your strength isn’t improving.”

Baek Cheon, who listened to this, mumbled,

“Drinking is also what you do.”

“… but he still trains.”

Fortunately, their voices didn’t reach Chung Myung, and the guy continued,

“Strength is not like this. The important thing is focus, focus on what is being done!”

Chung Myung’s eyes shone.

The pure qi in his dantian swiftly circulated through his body.

Beon Chung’s eyes moved. His arm, which had been pushing ahead, was being pushed back. And at the same time, he was feeling something he had never felt before.

He stretched out a hand to press the other back down.

The sound of twisting began to become clearer, and Beon Chung’s shoulder began to be pushed down.

Beon Chung was wide-eyed, and he resisted, yet Chung Myung’s hand didn’t even budge. The body of his opponent began to be crushed down.

First, the knee bearing most of the weight collapsed to the ground.

And the same with the other knee.

However, as if he hadn’t received all of Chung Myung’s strength, his knees began to dig into the ground now.

Chung Myung took a step forward and pressed down more. Beon Chung’s body slowly leaned back, and no matter how much he tried to push forwards, nothing happened.

“H-How. T-This…euh….”

And his back was being pressed down on. His limbs were forced down, and his body was being crushed backward, to the point where his head was now touching the ground. The only thing he could see was Chung Myung, who was holding his hand with a calm face.

Chung Myung laughed as he clicked his tongue.

“What do we do? And you are weaker than a snake.”

Beon Chung’s eyes twisted.

“This is power, this is strength.Euk!”

A storm of strength raged down, scattering the dust once more.

With the dust cloud rising, the bandits held their breath. And eventually, with the dust settling, the figure of a man was revealed.

Chung Myung was stepping lightly, shaking the hands of everyone, yet they were all focused on something behind him.

He was on his knees, with his head bent back toward the ground, and he seemed to be unconscious.

This was a shocking and terrifying sight. The bandits, at a loss for words, looked at the two contestants. No matter how much they looked, the result didn’t seem to change.

Chung Myung looked around at them once and smiled,

“Who wants to try again?”

Chung Myung clicked his tongue,

“You so-called bandits are so weak! Mount Hua is more like bandits! Mount Hua!”

Baek Cheon laughed heartily at the words of his sajil.

‘Chung Myung, you are a Taoist.’

A Taoist shouldn’t go around saying that proudly….

He shook his head, whatever.

This was the moment when Chung Myung, Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, completely took control of the Green Forest without even swinging his sword.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.