Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Im So-Byeong carefully removed the tiger furs from his robe one by one.

“…the leather needs to be remade.”

His brow furrowed slightly as he looked at the leopard covering his chair. Wearing a large and high-quality leopard skin showed the authority of a bandit, so he had no choice but to wear it. In the end, no matter what he tried, it remained an inconvenience.

And it was now losing its fur.

“Do you want to get a new one with a suitable look?”

Im So-Byeong waved his hand,

“Is there a need to kill such a precious animal again? Our work becomes easier when there are many beasts like tigers around the mountains. We don’t produce any food, and we kill them for nothing. But their head…hehehehe!”

Im So-Byeong sneezed and rubbed his nose,

“… not this either.”

Im So-Byeong raised his head and looked at Kwak Min, the Black Night Tiger.

“The bandit family had completely accepted Mount Hua’s disciples. They were very friendly too.”

Im So-Byeong nodded,

“Because people gain confidence when they see it with their own eyes. That guy did a good job.”

“…can I ask something?”

Black Night Tiger opened his mouth with a stern face,

“Eh.I know what you want to ask. I didn’t do it, those were his real skills.”

“And does Beon Chung ever listen?”

Dark Night Tiger shook his head. Certainly, Beon Chung wasn’t the kind to deliberately lose a fight because Im So-Byeong asked him to. This wasn’t due to a lack of loyalty, it was just Beon Chung had his own thoughts.

But as one question vanished, another rose,

“It didn’t look like he was that strong, though.”

“You shouldn’t judge people by their appearance.”

Im So-Byeong smiled like this was fun.

The guy recalled Chung Myung and sighed.

‘I never thought such a frail-looking person could instantly defeat Beon Chung.’

It would be understandable if Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon had become famous for his physical strength, but only his sword skills were ever discussed.

Wasn’t it said that he would become the next great swordsman?

Sure, being close to someone like that was nice, but…

Just then, Im So-Byeong spoke to Kwak Min, who had been lost in thought.

“Where is Beon Chung? I haven’t seen him since morning.”

“Ah.Probably at Mount Hua’s place.”

Im So-Byeong seemed interested.

“I am sure his pride couldn’t stand the hit. I hope he takes this chance to learn the sword technique of Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.”

And his smile deepened.

Two large eyes flashed.

The sound of bones being twisted could be heard from there.

He nodded his head slightly as if he liked this.

As if unable to stand it any longer, Beon Chung frowned deeply.

Baek Cheon and his onlooking party thought what they were watching was absurd.

‘What new mess is this?’

In the end, Baek Cheon, being impatient, asked a tiny question,

“… what is the deal with this?”

At this, Yoon Jong sighed.

“They say losing in a battle of physical might means total defeat for a man.”

“I will take you as hyung.”

Cold sweat broke out on Baek Cheon’s forehead.

“That one, to that one?”

Baek Cheon looked at Beon Chung like he was insane. The aforementioned Beon Chung, who was currently rubbing the shoulders of Chung Myung.

“…they aren’t like brothers but father and son?”

“I thought the same, but…”

“No matter how much the world is changing, does it make sense for a bandit to take a taoist as hyung? I don’t know if this even works from their appearance.”

“I said the same thing.”

“Men have something in common.”

Baek Cheon’s eyes looked complicated.

Seeing Beon Chung, who was rubbing the shoulders of Chung Myung with one hand while fanning him with the other, made Baek Cheon’s stomach hurt.

‘No, isn’t it a woman who usually does the fanning?’

How much had the concept of brotherhood been distorted?

“…why is he only friends with such people?”

“Isn’t that what we all knew? To be honest, since he is in the clothes of a Taoist, he is being treated like this. Imagine what would happen if he did that with normal clothes.”

The biggest thing was that his words weren’t wrong.

Even in the midst of Baek Cheon’s mind rotting, Chung Myung was comfortable.

“So big, but why are you this weak? Clench! Clench your hands!”

Beon Chung put down his fan and began to rub Chung Myung’s shoulders with both hands.

“Huh,so refreshing.”

Chung Myung was like a cat lying on its back.

“Still, your hands work nice, Brat.”

Beon Chung’s eyes widened in shock as he looked at Chung Myung. Baek Cheon flinched,

“Thank you, Hyung, for praising me!”

Baek Cheon threw his worries away and cast his eyes toward the sky.

Chung Myung smiled and said,

“But is it fine to come here? Your King might be disappointed?”

“As a member of a force, being loyal to that force and serving my Hyung are different issues!”

Beon Chung cut himself off and said,

“This Beon Chung! In the meantime, I have met a lot of warriors, and I have never been defeated by anyone who used only their physical strength. I am truly impressed by your manliness, so how can I not serve Hyung?”

It was a sincere statement.

If the situation wasn’t like this, and if the guy listening to this wasn’t someone like Chung Myung, maybe the others would have cried. But reality was cruel.

Baek Cheon looked back at Baek Sang with a completely incomprehensible expression.

“No, does it make sense for things to change this much because of losing just one match?”

“… Real men have something in common.”

“Isn’t that a bit different from our thoughts?”

They were witnessing first-hand how idiots think.

“True loyalty transcends social status and age! From now on, I, Beon Chung, being younger than my Hyung, will truly do my best!”

Hearing his loud voice, Jo Gul smiled.

“They say that evil sects usually do such things.”

“Yes, if a couple of people quarrel with each other but then come to an agreement, they become brothers. And when their numbers grow, they put on a board saying they are an Evil Sect.”

Baek Cheon shook his head, touching his forehead.

…do not say such things.

I am afraid such things will happen for real.

In the meantime, Chung Myung asked,

“But I have a question?”

“Please ask, Hyung.”

“I thought the Green Forest King looked a bit young? On the outside, he looks a lot younger than you.”

“It hasn’t been long since the present king took his position from the former.”

“Uh?Wait, is the title hereditary?”

“Basically, that is how the Green Forest works now. Before, it worked differently. However, for a hundred years or so, the bandit groups have become bigger and stronger, and now such things happen. As a result, the position has become something inherited directly from the previous king.”

Although it didn’t suit the Green Forest name, at the same time, it did, as their leaders called themselves kings.

Chung Myung nodded and asked,

“You don’t seem to be upset by that, though?”

Beon Chung didn’t seem to like the question. He wanted to avoid it with an awkward chuckle, but Chung Myung wouldn’t let that happen.

“No, now that we are on the same side, I am asking if there is anything I can help with. I am a Taoist, so I will know what the situation is and what would help.”

Mount Hua’s disciples contorted their faces.

‘Anyway, that bastard sure knows his way around.’

‘Be a Taoist or bandit! Pick one!’

They could see through what Chung Myung was trying to do. But it didn’t seem that way to the victim.

“Of course, it is true that the king isn’t accepted by all. But the influence of his ancestor is strong, so there are no major problems.”

“Well, was the former one that great?”

“He was a leader among leaders and a hero to all. When he was alive, there were no bastards who would cross the lands and encroach onto ours! Since he has passed away, there have always been fights happening.”

Just the thought of it made Beon Chung grit his teeth.

“If they were alive, they would have cut off his head in one stroke.”

Chung Myung sorted through the situation.

‘Jang Il-So was in a fight then?’

After all, the Ten Thousand People Clan wouldn’t miss a chance.

“Hmm,I get it,” added Chung Myung as he got up.

“Where are you going?”

“To finalize the negotiations.”

“Since I am not a bandit, I cannot stay here forever.”

You actually look like a bandit.

“That…cough!Clear…cough!Oh my…Cough…my condition is…cough cough!”

In So-Byeong covered his mouth and continued to cough, so Chung Myung asked,

Hearing that, the disciples of Mount Hua took two steps back.

Im So-Byeong waved his hand,

“As I said before, it is not contagious. It is because I am naturally weak.”

“Haha.What is innate… why do you keep stepping back?”

“Better to be safe, be safe, you know.”

Im So-Byeong, whose forehead and brow were looking bluish, appeared as if he could die and no one would feel bad.

Wiping his lip, he asked,

“Are you thinking of leaving now?”

“Yes. But before I go, I want to settle the matter of money.”

Im So-Byeong tilted his head,

“But isn’t that a matter which is to be decided after some more thinking and data? I heard that it hasn’t even been decided when and how the business will work.”

“I thought there was a way to solve the situation easily instead of complicating it.”

Im So-Byeong looked at Chung Myung.

“I don’t know what Young Disciple is talking about.”

Im So-Byeong frowned.

‘Easily’ meant that, in the end, they were getting something more than money and solving a problem at the same time.

However, no matter how much he thought about it, he couldn’t figure out what Mount Hua could give him.

“Disciple seems to have something prepared.”

“Yes, and you will love it when you hear it.”

“Cough! Cough!May I ask what it is?”

“In exchange for the use of your bandits and protection of the business…”

“I thought it would be nice to cure the King’s illness.”

Im So-Byeong, who paused for a moment, smiled,

“I wondered what, and this was it. Disciple, as I said, this disease is not something that can be cured.”

“I am the Green Forest King, and I have searched for all things, but this disease couldn’t be cured, even after eating the greatest pill in Shaolin.”

Chung Myung nodded like he expected this and thought.

It was a good idea not to bring Hae Yeon. If he heard this, he would have gone insane.

“Then how will Disciple heal me?”

“It is not something amazing.”

Chung Myung smiled, his face was a proud face.

“Wouldn’t it be a bit different if herbs were blended?”

Im So-Byeong’s eyes changed for the first time.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.