Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The sound of someone groaning continued as Baek Cheon looked at Im So-Byeong with sad eyes. His face, which was already pale and sickly, was now blue and dead as if he was becoming a corpse.

Of course, it wasn’t his disease that was worsening…

Chung Myung rubbed his hands and giggled.

Unlike Im So-Byeong, who was dying, this guy was full of life and hope.

“Hehe.As I thought, you are the king and so you are different. I admire you.”

When a human was forcibly extracting the hope of another, those watching couldn’t help but feel distressed. Im So-Byeong was being robbed of everything he had, even the emergency money he had kept hidden, so he slumped into his chair. It seemed like the King of the Green Forest, the symbol of their power, was slowly dying.

Baek Cheon finally shook his head.

‘Yeah, why did you have to get tangled up with this guy?’

He could be having similar thoughts.

Im So-Byeong thought the two of them were of a similar kind. But how could there be two people like Chung Myung in the same world?

He didn’t have to survey the world to check, there could never be an exact copy of another person, Baek Cheon was sure of this.

Im So-Byeong’s mistake must be that he didn’t know this.

He glared at Chung Myung with hatred.

“I hope you keep your promise! Make sure!”

“Eh.Obviously, we will. It isn’t like we are only doing business with you once or twice.”

The disciples of Mount Hua shared a sense of relief, yet some sadness crept into all of them.

‘We aren’t the only ones suffering.’

‘Seeing how the Green Forest King suffered like that, it seems like we weren’t stupid or something.’

They realized that in front of Chung Myung, all sorts of people were the same.

“Then when will the goods come?”

“When we head back to Mount Hua, we will send them.”

“Ugh.Can I really trust you?”

“Eh,I am a Taoist, why would I lie?”

“I am saying the same thing. You are a Taoist…”

Im So-Byeong’s teeth grinded together and the disciples of Mount Hua gulped in unison.

‘Honestly, Mount Hua should apologize for this.’

Im So-Byeong raised his hand and rubbed his face.

And through the gap between his fingers, he glared at Chung Myung.

‘Oh my god, how is a Taoist like this….’

Not just the money he had earned using the status of the Green Forest King, but also the money had received from his ancestors was robbed. In addition, he was forced to sell away the artifacts that were stored in the warehouses.

“The payment… please wait a bit for it. Now that we have to dispose of things….”

“Ah.I will send someone for it.”

Chung Myung smiled and said,

“There is this merchant organization I know. They will treat you kindly. Should I call them right away?”

“K-Kind… kindly?Cough! Cough! Cough!”

Im So-Byeong twisted his body and coughed. Finally, seeing him cough blood, Chung Myung clicked his tongue.

“Tch tch.This is why you should take my medicine and get cured. This sight hurts me so much.”

“T-This!Cough!Whose fault is this!”

Im So-Byeong looked like he wanted to shoot daggers out of his eyes. At this rate, he was going to die before the illness could take him.

‘What kind of Taoist would do such things!’

Even the most passionate merchants wouldn’t do such things for money. But Chung Myung didn’t seem to be affected at all.

“Now, now, let us all think of this in a positive light. It is only money, and you can earn it again. But your body, now that should come first.”

His words were correct.

One of the things that was annoying about this was that this bastard rarely said anything that was incorrect. And the second reason was that he knew how to use the right words.

Beon Chung quickly ran and held out a glass.

Im So-Byeong quickly snatched the cup and drained it. And right away, he twisted his body as he puked out the liquid,

“This is alcohol, you bastard!”

“Uh?D-Did I make a mistake? I-I had prepared two of them…!”

Baek Cheon shook his head.

‘He will die like this.’

Im So-Byeong wiped his lips, looking at Chung Myung for a long time before letting out a sigh,

“… anyway… I hope you keep your promise.”

Chung Myung nodded his head.

“Instead, Green Forest King, please keep your promise too. Because I lowered my prices a lot.”

“… if you didn’t, we would have gone bankrupt.”

Im So-Byeong smiled,

“And if you are in a hurry, would you like for us to bring it to Mount Hua? I can give it to you there.”

At the words of Chung Myung, Im So-Byeong shook his head.

“Why? Because you are a part of the Justice Faction?”

“It isn’t that we don’t want you on Mount Hua, it is that you won’t make it to Mount Hua. I am afraid you will cough yourself to death before that happens!”

This made sense, so Im So-Byeong nodded.

“He is a learner, a quick one too.”

They weren’t wearing robes for nothing.

Im So-Byeong touched his fan,

“This is the first time I have ever even seen someone come here and steal our money. Certainly, there is a reason why people speak of Mount Hua so much these days.”

“Ugh.I just got caught.”

When Im So-Byeong sighed in regret, Chung Myung smiled.

“Don’t do that now, let’s continue with our business.”

For a moment, Im So-Byeong’s face flinched.

“Thinking about the future of our relationship, as will I. Don’t forget that I took care of you this time.”

At Chung Myung’s words, Im So-Byeong just laughed them away, not saying anything.

After finishing what he had to say, Chung Myung turned around.

“I trust you will hold your end of the bargain. The items will be sent as soon as we return to Mount Hua.”

Im So-Byeong called out to him in a low voice.

“What will Disciple do?”

Such a random question with no context. Those listening all tilted their heads, not understanding what he meant.

However, Chung Myung shrugged as if he understood.

“I want everyone to be friends here.”

“… is that for real?”

Chung Myung glanced at him.

His eyes looked as if nothing had changed. However, Im So-Byeong’s hands, they were clenched without knowing.

The fan bent like it would break, and Chung Myung smiled.

“Because things need to be fixed beforehand.”

As Chung Myung walked away. Mount Hua’s Disciples bowed their heads to the King and followed behind him.

In silence and for a while, Im So-Byeong stared at where Chung Myung had just been.

“… is there a problem?”

When Beon Chung asked, the King shook his head.

However, his face had changed from anger.

‘What goes on inside that disciple’s head?’

It seemed like Chung Myung’s cold eyes, which had been there for only a moment, were so cold that he would never forget them.

“Hyung! Are you really leaving!”

Beon Chung shouted in a loud voice, and Chung Myung covered his ears.

“I-I am sorry, I have a loud voice.”

The more he looked, the more he wanted to introduce this guy to the Beast Palace Lord.

“If a Taoist stays with a bandit for a long time, it isn’t good, not a single good thing will come from this. I have done my part, so I will leave quickly.”

Beon Chung looked at Chung Myung’s face with strong loyalty and a sad face.

“If I could, I would come with you to Mount Hua, but…”

Chung Myung waved his hand.

“We already have a beggar amongst us, do we really need a bandit too?”

His words were true, but still, Beon Chung bit his lip.

“I will definitely see you again.”

“Yes, Hyung! I will wait for you!”

It was a sight of a touching friendship. Baek Cheon and his party smiled as they pulled the cart away.

‘It has been just two days since they met.’

‘Looking at them, it is like they are in a ten-year relationship.’

A guy twice as large as Chung Myung was calling him hyung, while Chung Myung took the guy for granted and acted lazy. Those who had come to see them off were startled by this sight. They seemed lost watching one of the Ten Shadows interacting with Chung Myung.

Hong Dae-Kwang also seemed like he had lost it.

‘Soon, the name of Mount Hua will also spread through the Green Forest.’

There was no doubting the intentions of this large man. However, it didn’t seem like this wasn’t pure loyalty and admiration for Chung Myung.

The Green Forest King, rather, Im So-Byeong, the ‘finance head’ walked up and greeted Chung Myung.

“Take care of yourself.”

“I will never die before you.”

Chung Myung and Im So-Byeong exchanged glances as if there was no need for additional words.

“Then, let’s go! Sasuk, Sago, Sahyung!”

With a short, painful sound, the cart began to be pulled forward.

“Mount Hua, stay strong!”

“Long Live Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon!”

There were loud cheers for them, and Chung Myung sitting on the cart, leisurely waved his hand at the crowd.

“… it seems like the bandit leader is leaving the wild.”

The disciples of Mount Hua sighed deeply and quickly moved forward.

Watching the cart get pulled further away, Im So-Byeong unfolded his fan and gazed at the cart.

“The wind is blowing.”

The Dark Night Tiger approached him and spoke with concern,

However, Im So-Byeong only said words he couldn’t understand.

“Yes, the wind is blowing.”

“It will get windy. It will be windy soon.”

“You talking about Mount Hua?”

He silently nodded at the question and then said,

“Black Night Tiger.”

“When was the last time the Evil Faction joined hands with the Justice Faction?”

“That… wasn’t it during the rise of the Demonic Sect? Since lives were being lost, it couldn’t be helped.”

Im So-Byeong nodded.

“I heard that Mount Hua has been busy roaming around lately.”

“Isn’t that for the sake of expanding their business?”

“They came to us, the Evil Faction, for that?”

He didn’t have an answer for this, and Im So-Byeong shook his head.

“There are other ways. But that man came and talked to us. Then….”

‘They will bring me the Soul Vitality Pill.’

Actually, there were numerous other ways to create a friendship without giving the pill. If Chung Myung hadn’t mentioned it with his own mouth, even the Green Forest King wouldn’t have ever known about Mount Hua having the pill.

Although he had to pay a huge sum of money for it, the value of the pill wasn’t something that could be judged with money.

“He isn’t caught up in the politics, affairs, and thoughts of the collective people. He gave grace and built relations.”

Im So-Byeong’s eyes shone,

“Like… he is preparing for something huge to happen.”

“Something huge…” asked the Dark Night Tiger, but Im So-Byeong lowered his eyes and shook his head.

“I only know one thing. That kind of person shouldn’t be judged by what we see him as now. Even if pointless now, there seems to be a reason for how he acted.”

“Can that young Taoist escape the great mind of our King?”

Im So-Byeong smiled.

“No matter how ferocious a tiger is, it can be tamed. However, a dragon isn’t something that can be controlled even by other dragons. A young dragon is no different.”

Im So-Byeong mumbled slowly and turned around. He left his man behind, who moved and called out to him, but Im So-Byeong didn’t respond.

Before he knew it, Im So-Byeong’s face flinched at a startling thought.

‘It is certainly there, right?’

Certainly, something huge was coming to the Central Plains?

“If it rains, we should hide under the eaves.”

Even if the rain was of red plum blossoms.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.