Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“You got that information so quickly?”

At Chung Myung’s question, the Abbot smiled. It was a kind-looking smile, but Chung Myung didn’t see it that way.

“Which is why I am here. Even if you don’t tell me, I can discover many things.”

The Abbot shook his head.

“It is true that the Beggars Union knows a lot, but they do not know everything.”

Chung Myung looked at the Abbot to confirm what was being said was true and then sighed.

‘Well, he has no reason to lie.’

This was information that was bound to leak. In addition to the appearance of the Lord of the Nanman Beast Palace at the Sichuan Tang family, they also welcomed the disciples of Mount Hua. This wasn’t something that could be hidden.

“But what is the problem with that?”

The Abbot shook his head at the question.

“I never said it was a problem.”

“I am just a little upset. Wasn’t Mount Hua a member of the Nine Great Sects, whose name is known everywhere?”

“Yes, and then your side kicked us out.”

“To be precise, it was our ancestors.”

“Yes.YOURancestors who kicked us out.”

Chung Myung and the Abbot stared at each other.

Being a bit embarrassed by this, the Abbot sighed.

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, do try to understand my position. Just because my ancestors made a mistake does not mean I can be going around discussing their rights and wrongs.”

At those words, Chung Myung’s eyes shone. This was no direct apology, but it was a meaningful one where the word ‘mistake’ came out of the Abbot’s mouth. It meant that the most stuck-up person ever was admitting that it was a mistake.

‘This alone is amazing to me.’

Actually, from the Abbot’s point of view, it must be upsetting for him to take the fall for his ancestors. It was a situation in which he was taking responsibility for a mistake made before his time.

If Chung Myung had been in such a position, he would have immediately run to the tombs of his ancestors and brought them down.

‘Isn’t that right? Sect Leader Sahyung?’

-Try that, you bastard! Let’s see you try!

Chung Myung waved his hand, and the Abbot, who stared at him, continued to speak after a sigh,

“Anyways… that was a thing from a long time ago. It is too old an issue to discuss.”

“Do we really need to do this? It isn’t like we need Shaolin’s permission to do everything.”

“Of course, you don’t. But as I said before, the world is not so simple.”

“It isn’t the world, but the eyes of the Abbot who sees it that way?”

Those same Abbot’s eyes twitched.

It seemed like Chung Myung’s words had stabbed him deeply. And sure enough, the Abbot’s voice became fierce,

“Look here, Young Disciple.”

“How much do you know about the world?”

Chung Myung looked at the Abbot like a person who had been stabbed in the back of his head.

‘Look at this… I lived through a lot more than you did, you bastard!’

He uttered curses inside his mind.

Aaah, he was living well these days by adapting to this small body. However, every once in a while, he wanted to just let loose and stomp on some people!

‘I should have just ripped those heads off in the past!’

Did you not care for your descendants? Did you want this place to collapse?

When Chung Myung remained silent, the Abbot shook his head.

“The world is a scarier place than you think. Do you know why?”

“Because profits are at stake.”

When Chung Myung simply shook his head, the Abbot did not even get angry. Instead, his voice became softer, as if he was disciplining a disobedient child.

“Even if I am the Abbot of Shaolin, I cannot deal with everything in this world according to my own wants. This is especially true during such times as now.”

“Did you forget? What is happening in the North Sea?”

The Abbot spoke with a calm face.

“Amitabha. Kangho hasn’t yet escaped from the ill effects of the last war. The sects which were on the brink of ruin are still on the verge of disbanding due to the name of the Demonic Sect.”

Hyun Jong, who had been only listening to them until now, then said,

“What does that have to do with this?”

“The biggest lesson I learned as a member of a sect was that one sect could never hope to defeat the Demonic Sect alone. In order to reduce the damage, we will need to gather soldiers from even the Evil Faction.”

The Abbot nodded his head.

“Those who lead Kangho never wished for it to be divided. If it weren’t for the movements in the North Sea, we would not be worrying about the potential of another war occurring. If needed, we will stop it by force.”

A bitter look passed the face of Abbot as he looked at Hyun Jong.

“Unfortunately, it is already happening.”

Hyun Jong frowned and raised his voice.

“But with what authority can you interfere with the affairs of Mount Hua? Who has the right!?”

“Sect leader… all that is meaningless when it comes to profit.”

“No one will back down easily as long as there is justification. A justification for the preparation for a possible war as well as the actual damage that would be suffered with the emergence of a new force.”

“The Nine Great Sects?”

“Why don’t you think of Five Great Families as well?”

“It isn’t as simple as it might seem.”

The moment the Abbot said this, a groan filled the room.

“You keep twisting your words.”

Chung Myung tilted his head and asked.

“So what do you want us to do? You wouldn’t have possibly come here all the way to tell us to stop what we have begun to do?”

“Yes, I am not someone who can do that.”

The Abbot shook his head,

“… and even if I speak, you won’t listen. Right?”

“Well, that’s true.”

The Abbot closed his eyes at this. He was calm.

There were many people in the world, but the only person who could behave this calmly in front of him was Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.

‘Honestly, it feels so odd each time I meet him.’

The Sect Leader was calm, yet how were these words that were so close to curses coming from Chung Myung’s mouth?

But regardless of that, Chung Myung’s thoughts were calm.

‘Such an obvious thing.’

He had already expected this level of resistance from the Nine Great Sects and the Five Great Families. Hadn’t he already talked about this to Tang Gunak and Meng So?

No person would give up rights they already had. It was just a backlash that was coming faster than expected. The Abbot then spoke firmly.

“Then there is only one way.”

“The law. The law which is needed to justify everything. Mount Hua needs a justification to assert its rights, and a justification is also needed so I can protect Mount Hua.”

This was unexpected, so Chung Myung was shocked.

“Did the Abbot just say that he would protect Mount Hua?”

“Is there a reason not to?”

Chung Myung looked genuinely taken aback.

“So, what are the conditions for that?”

“Didn’t I already tell you?”

The Abbot looked at Chung Myung with unshaken eyes.

“Please head to the North Sea.”

In contrast, Chung Myung’s face crumbled slightly.

‘No, did this man hide something in the North Sea?’

This was the North Sea, the North Sea! Why were all the problems taking them to the North Sea?!

Looking at Chung Myung’s face, the Abbot touched the rosary in his hand.

“As I said before, the situation in the North Sea is dire. I tried to solve this in my own way, but I couldn’t see a way out.”

“Even the power of Shaolin isn’t enough?”

“It isn’t something that can be solved using force.”

The Abbot let out a slightly pained sigh.

“Of course, it could have been possible if we tried to break through with force, but if that happens, the North Sea and the Central Plains will forever be separated. It is the worst of the worst-case scenario.”

“I heard you are very close with the Lord of the Nanman Beast Palace. Then, can you use the friendship there and move to the North Sea?”

Chung Myung narrowed his eyes.

‘Just how far does this man know?’

Certainly, Shaolin’s information power wasn’t something to be ignored.

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.”

“Head to the North Sea. And find out what is happening there. Then, I will do my best to support you to not let anyone interfere with your actions.”

Hyun Jong frowned at the Abbot’s words.

“What is your reason for doing this? In my opinion, it seems like the head of the Nine Great Sects and the Abbot, as its head, wants the union of the West more than anyone else.”

“Even so, it isn’t a strange thing. What I want isn’t the union of the West but to prevent the Demonic Sect from rising any higher than its position now. The position of the Shaolin’s Abbot is a position that works for the peace of the world, whether I desire it or not. Even if I abandon the small things, I have no choice but to move for the harder targets.”

At the end of those words, the Abbot closed his eyes. On the outside, he looked nervous and waited for the other person’s answer, but his heart was different.

‘They will not refuse this.’

Mount Hua was now betting its life and death on the creation of a new force by reaching out to the West. Before that happened, they had no choice but to keep the other sects from coming for them.

And if Chung Myung had even the slightest bit of intellect, this wasn’t an offer he could reject.

“I have felt it before, but you have a way of being crafty with your words.”

The Abbot opened his eyes as Chung Myung looked at him bluntly.

“It isn’t like a monk under Buddha to act like this, cheating with words. Buddha will be quite angry if he realizes it.”

What did that even mean? The Abbot blinked his eyes, not understanding.

Was the Abbot of Shaolin being called a cheat?

“Even if you have a crooked mouth, you should at least speak properly. It doesn’t go well with your looks.”

When the Abbot asked this, Chung Myung smiled and said,

“You said earlier that even the Abbot of Shaolin could not do as he pleased and could not ignore the opinions of the other sects. But now, if we go to the North Sea, things will suddenly be solved?”

“… it means I will try.”

“You really work on your words, huh?”

The Abbot looked at Chung Myung with a confused expression on his face.

“You keep saying it as if you were sacrificing for the sake of all people in the world. Isn’t it Shaolin that traced the presence of the Demonic Sect in the North Sea and the reason all this trouble is here?”

“And at the tournament, your side suffered the shame of being disgraced in front of the world, so you lost face. Yet if you showed a figure that could not move even when traces of the Demonic Sect was found, then your power and authority would fall to the ground.”

The Abbot mumbled this in a low voice. However, unlike before, there was a sense of hastiness there. Chung Myung simply smiled.

“So, if the issue of the North Sea is resolved, then the one to benefit the most will be Shaolin. Besides, it would be even more beneficial for you if Mount Hua was the one to move and solve it.”

“… what is this supposed to mean?”

“It is quite obvious. Look, Mount Hua is now moving for a different faction, but didn’t they still listen to Shaolin and go to the North Sea? Mount Hua must still be under Shaolin’s influence. Wouldn’t it be nice for people to start to assume that?”

In the end, the Abbot was at a loss for words. If other people were there, they would have scolded Chung Myung for even saying this. Or they might have dismissed his words as baseless speculation.

But Chung Myung was a person who had already gone through such things.

‘Kangho can kill itself.’

You fucking bastards, if you were people who actually cared, then you would have rushed to stop the Demonic Sect in the time it took for you to come to Mount Hua. Back then, you simply watched it from behind, and now what? Do you want comfort? Comfort??

Chung Myung snorted as he couldn’t believe the Abbot’s words.

“In the end, Shaolin lost all of their initiatives in Kangho, which was the start of all of these mistakes. And now the Abbot is aiming to get back what you’ve lost by resolving the issue of the North Sea. Solving the matter of the Demonic Sect would be a great achievement. Isn’t that why you came this far.”

The Abbot smacked his lips.

He looked at Chung Myung with slight anger.

“You are a bit too sharp.”

“It was too obvious.”

Chung Myung shrugged. At this point, the Abbot also looked forward as if hiding it would do no good.

“So what do you plan to do? Will you say no?”

Chung Myung raised his eyebrows.

“This isn’t Mount Hua accepting Shaolin’s request to resolve things. The Shaolin is making a request to Mount Hua to resolve the situation. You have to be sure of that.”

“… is that any different?”

“No, has this person never talked to get things done? How can you even say something like that?!”

Chung Myung jumped up.

“Isn’t it only basic that when you make a request, you need to pay for it?! Who would just go out on a limb for you?”

“Wow! You must be aiming to cheat people with your words! Tch, tch! In the past, Shaolin at least had manners!”

‘How do you even know the old Shaolin?’

No, that wasn’t important now.

“So I will try to keep the Nine Great Sects in check…”

“Do you think Mount Hua will just do nothing if you keep them in check? They have eyes too, and so do we. It’s not like people can be unseen. What matters then?”

Chung Myung waved his hand.

“So don’t speak of this and that and offer a proper reward. Besides, just saying that we can be part of the Nine Great Sects or that you will stop the Nine Great Sects from approaching us, all of that is just words.”

The Abbot’s back began to sweat.

Had he ever been this shocked in his life?

“So… no, no. What exactly is the reward you want for Mount Hua?”

Hearing this, Chung Myung leaned back in his chair with an arrogant look and opened his eyes slightly.

“How much does Mount Hua know of the world?”

The Abbot’s eyes shook violently as his own question was echoed to him.

“There is nothing wrong with the world. Even if there are various rewards, there is only one certain thing when the end comes.”

Chung Myung raised his hand and put his thumb and forefinger together into a circle.

“How comfortable it is to set an amount without any conditions, huh?”

“How much will you pay?”

The Abbot’s eyes shook further. No one had ever asked him to offer money before.

“Ah, I know that Mount Hua has wealth.”

“Hahaha. I don’t think the Abbot knows much since you are always on your mountain…”

Chung Myung smiled happily.

“The more money, the better.”

“More is good. More is better.”

The Abbot, speechless, looked at Hyun Jong as if asking for help. Contrary to his hopes, however, the sect leader simply smiled and then avoided his gaze.

The Abbot seemed to have taken a step too far.

‘Scamming us in a day.’

“If it is to protect the Shaolin’s face, it should be worth at least a thousand gold, right? Let’s hear how much Shaolin values their face.”

The Abbot groaned, but who was he? Was he not the Abbot of Shaolin? He wasn’t someone who would be defeated so quickly.

“Then will it be a treasured sword?”

The Abbot reached out and lifted the wooden chest he had placed on the ground. Inside was something they had all seen before.

“This cannot end everything, but it should reduce it by a little, right?”

The Divine Sword of Violet Dawn.

Hyun Jong’s eyes shone as Mount Hua’s most sacred item appeared.

The Abbot was shocked as he looked at Chung Myung. He desperately hoped that this was a bluff.

“… I am not saying I will pay the entire thing with this, just a cut? Don’t the treasured swords of Mount Hua mean much?”

“Well, if it was a month ago, I would have taken it and cut the amount.”

“… and what’s the difference between a month ago and now?”

Chung Myung smiled and pulled the sword from his waist.

He then showed it to the Abbot.

“I am sorry, Abbot. We no longer use those low-quality swords.”

The Abbot’s mouth opened wide as he beheld the sword shining in the light.

“Go use that sword and bring us money.”

The Abbot sat there, utterly lost. There was a Taoist here who was trying to suck a monk dry.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.