Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Hae Yeon sighed as he saw the Abbot exiting the room with an exhausted look.

‘He is really a devil.’

In front of that Chung Myung, even the Abbot of Shaolin looked weak.

The Abbot looked at Hae Yeon with blank eyes and asked,

Hae Yeon narrowed his eyes at this unexpected question. However, since the Abbot asked, he could not help but answer. After thinking deeply, he came up with the answer.

“Isn’t it a good thing?”

“The more, the better too.”

The Abbot closed his eyes.

‘He is completely stained.’

Even if that answer wasn’t wrong, how could a monk say this?

What was really shocking was that Hae Yeon had spent his entire life in Shaolin and received strict Buddhist teachings. This kind of person was now spewing such words after just a couple of months.

Hae Yeon, who was watching the Abbot, then cleared his throat. The Abbot’s face seemed as if he was in pain.

Hae Yeon then asked.

“Did something happen?”

The Abbot let out a groan and shook his head.

“I didn’t really want to come down to making an agreement of sacrifice for the sake of the people, but…”

He at least needed to save his face!

He thought that if he, the Abbot, personally came and negotiated, then all the people in the world would know of his efforts and make it so that the Mount Hua Sect could not refuse.

Wasn’t there a reason why the people who were known as part of the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families were considered the best in the world? That was why those who had fame never did anything that would bring a mark against it.

However, it seemed that Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon did not care a single bit about that.

-Glory? Gloryyyy? Is this man coming to Mount Hua and giving glory? Aigoo! The glory is so great that Mount Hua stayed the same throughout these years, right? I thought this bald head would have thoughts, but your hair must have left you unable to come with your mind, right?

The Abbot’s chin trembled as he recalled that voice.

“A-abbot! Calm down!”

The Abbot shook his head as if to shake off the thoughts inside.

“Amitabha! Amitabha!”

It was only after uttering this that his heart calmed down a little.

“He is indeed a devil. Devil.”

What on earth was he if he was not a devil who destroyed discipline built for decades in a single hit?

The Abbot sighed with an exhausted look.

‘But it cannot be helped.’

The opponent didn’t have to be a devil but might be something worse. The Abbot would have to bow his head nonetheless.

He desperately needed Mount Hua’s help. It was just as Chung Myung, Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, pointed out. The more time passed without the issue of the North Sea being resolved, Shaolin and its Abbot would be put into question.

Even if it wasn’t Shaolin, no other sect could enter the North Sea right now. Yet would the people understand that?

‘If it wasn’t for the Heavenly Martial Tournament….’

Of course, Shaolin was still strong.

But being strong meant nothing now. Shaolin may not be able to be the strongest, but it was the most influential. However, things have changed since that tournament.

The Abbot let out a deep sigh.

‘This is hard to handle.’

It was like he was trying to bounce a ball on a single wooden plank bridge. He had no idea where this would even lead.

“What kind of place is Mount Hua in your eyes?”

At that, Hae Yeon was troubled and frowned slightly.

If he had been asked about Chung Myung, then he would need three days and nights to finish speaking, but for Mount Hua…

Hae Yeon nodded without hesitation.

“That is what I can answer right now.”

The Abbot stared at him for a long time and then smiled.

“It would be good to accept that you do not know. Those who do not know the answer will somehow try to find an answer.”

It was an odd thing. Hae Yeon was clearly someone who had strayed from Buddhist teachings. Yet, his answer was now one a monk would say; indeed, he felt even more Shaolin now.

“Even Buddha left his home to seek enlightenment. Perhaps this is something which cannot be found in a peaceful temple.”

“Right. So, did you learn a lot of things?”

Hae Yeon bowed his head slightly, but his eyes were shining.

“Shaolin isn’t the whole world.”

“And I also realized there is no such thing as a line. I thought that maybe the only way to understand the true meaning of liberation is not in just one path.”

The Abbot nodded. The path of liberation was simply one to aim for.

The moment a person had absolute confidence in their good acts, it changed that goodness into selfishness. The goodness that a Taoist should pursue is not simply goodness, but an attitude of constantly doubting their current self in search of their true self.

In that sense, it can be said that Hae Yeon had already gained many things.

Hae Yeon, as one of the future candidates to become Shaolin’s Abbot, then said.

“Amitabha. This novice monk will return to Shaolin and clearly organize the realizations I gained from this journey and aim for a higher step.”

“Such a good attitude. Really.”

The Abbot smiled with a satisfied face.

Looking at Hae Yeon, who had grown so much, a corner of his heart warmed. It felt like the wounds he received from Chung Myung were being healed.

But there was one thing…

The Abbot looked at Hae Yeon with an unfamiliar expression.

“About your return.”

He cleared his throat and spoke in a low voice.

“It seems to me like you haven’t experienced enough of the outside world yet.”

Hae Yeon’s eyes widened at this most unexpected of words.

“That… what do you mean?”

The Abbot continued,

“There is a time to learn things. If you miss this moment, there is no guarantee when this enlightenment will come since a chance to live outside of Shaolin might not come again.”

“So stay here and watch Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon…”

Hae Yeon was not convinced. The Abbot cleared his throat, unable to lie anymore.

“It is said that there is a place in the North Sea that one should visit.”

Hae Yeon’s eyes widened at this

“Since it is for the sake of the people in the world, how could Shaolin decide to step out only now? What can I even answer?”

Hae Yeon’s eyes held many emotions. However, the Abbot turned his head away.

“Anyway… it happened as such.”

The life in Hae Yeon’s eyes went out.

“Will it really be fine?”

Hyun Jong’s worry was evident on his face as he asked this. Since they had pushed the Abbot and gotten everything, the decision to go to the North Sea was confirmed. Despite knowing this, Hyun Jong could not let go of his worries.

Of course, seeing the Abbot scream in anger was amazing, but…

Chung Myung shrugged his shoulders and said,

“I would think about it more if it was only one or two things, but right now, everything is at stake.”

“If we think about it, we can unravel all of our problems with just one move.”

At that concerned voice, Chung Myung turned to look at him. Hyun Jong’s expression was of someone unsure of his decision.

“No riches or treasured items are worth putting your safety on the line. Not just you, any disciple of Mount Hua.”

“Chung Myung, the Demonic Sect is a place much different from what you have been entangled in. They are truly terrifying.”

Chung Myung did not deny this but simply nodded.

No one alive knew just how dangerous they were other than Chung Myung. At least in terms of the world today, but he didn’t bother speaking of this.

“I know it is dangerous.”

“But there are dangerous things in this world that are to be avoided and those that must be dealt with.”

“People naturally learn from their failures. We simply need to see history for it. Just because the water is calm doesn’t mean it is calm all the way to the bottom.”

If the Central Plains had noticed the existence of the Demonic Sect a little earlier, then the result would have been different. However, the land was now obsessed with peace.

The same things were repeating.

‘The same mistake will not happen again.’

Ice crystals and cold weather. In addition, the North Sea Ice Palace was one of the Five Palaces.

There were many things in the North Sea, but none of them were the reasons that pushed Chung Myung to go there.

‘Now, with things coming this far, I need to check it with my own eyes.’

The fact that Shaolin had yet to resolve the problems meant that something was happening in the North Sea. Perhaps it was even urgent.

‘And the alliance isn’t that strong yet.’

He needed to reduce the variables until the alliance was completely settled. Only that would make Mount Hua safer.

“The Demonic Sect is scary.”

“But you cannot look away just because you are scared, right?”

Chung Myung shrugged.

“For Mount Hua to be what it used to be… No, in order to be a better sect than before, you have to overcome the past of not being able to stop the Demonic Sect.”

Hyun Jong looked at Chung Myung.

“You realize how hard it will be?”

He knew better than anyone, but he was sure.

“This time, we hit first.”

“So we know the situation first. We cannot face an enemy without knowing the situation. If it is something we must go through today, then I will not wait till tomorrow.”

Chung Myung smiled as he brushed Baek Ah, who was curled on his neck.

“Ah, of course, it doesn’t mean Mount Hua will stand at the front to stop the demons. This is the best condition for Mount Hua, so it is worth it now.”

Hyun Jong looked at him and said,

“Our Mount Hua lost too much due to those people.”

Hyun Jong closed his eyes.

“If it weren’t from them; if he hadn’t stood in front to stop the Demonic Sect….”

“Didn’t you think that I couldn’t do it? There were countless times when I resented our ancestors for their actions.”

Chung Myung didn’t say anything. He had no right to.

Hyun Jong moved his gaze out of the window and then looked back at Chung Myung,

“It was only because of those resentful people that I take pride in being a disciple of Mount Hua. Thanks to them, this Mount Hua was able to have pride and protect the world by giving up everything.”

Chung Myung eventually closed his eyes at those words. Strangely, it felt hard to look at Hyun Jong.

“That is why I cannot tell you to be safe and hold onto comfort.”

Those who become parents must leave their children, and those who become teachers should acknowledge the growth of their students.

Even if it felt bad, they should not block their path.

“Promise me just one thing.”

“You can do anything you want. No matter what you do, Mount Hua will be behind you. so…”

Hyun Jong hesitated before finishing.

“Make sure to come back safe.”

These words made Chung Myung smile.

“Do not worry, sect leader.”

Maybe a smile wasn’t enough, so he showed his teeth.

“Because I will break the heads of those bastards!”

This time we will make the first move.

You damned Demonic Sect bastards!

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.