Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The tip of the sword shot ahead without shaking.

The tip of the sword, which had been slashed countless times, moved in a swift motion and stopped exactly at the same place over and over again.

Yu Yiseol’s face contorted.

While it seemed that the sword was stopping properly, she was aware that there was still a slight shake in it.

Yu Yiseol took a short breath and retrieved the plum blossom sword.

The sword the Tang Family made was sharper than the ones they had used in the past and possessed amazing balance. Yet, like everything in the world, where there were good things, there were bad things.

The sword was lighter and could be moved more swiftly, but the tip of the sword shook. Yu Yiseol looked at the sword.

The swordsmanship of women and men didn’t differ much in Mount Hua. Unlike the swords of ordinary sects, which were based on putting strength into their swords, Mount Hua’s was centered on transformation, illusion, and happiness.

If the sword could be released sharply and colorfully, even a woman could reach the peak.

But was it easier said than done?

The more varied the sword, the more perfect the control required. A sword that deceived and seduced the opponent through countless transformations. The moment that sword could not be controlled properly, it would become just another sword.

‘I have to put the center of the balance on the tip of the sword.’

Chung Myung had spoken of these basics countless times.

At first, she simply understood the basics as being important, but she had recently understood why Chung Myung had emphasized it.

The more one focused on flashy and glamorous transformations, the more the sword would lose balance and shake. To achieve that focus, one had to return to the basics.

One would need to use their lower body to hold the weight of the sword, calm the mind, and control it.

‘A splendid sword and a heavy heart.’

It felt like she had to reconcile things that would not happen.

Yu Yiseol took a deep breath and wiped the sweat from her forehead. She then raised her head to look at the moon in the sky. It had been quite some time now since plum blossoms bloomed from the tip of her sword.

Yet, her desired state still seemed so far away. The plum blossoms she wanted were not this. She wanted a little more sophistication, a little more clarity…

The plum blossoms needed to feel alive. Yu Yiseol’s feet began to move spontaneously.

After a long period of walking, she arrived at the lotus peak.

She heard a familiar sound as she silently climbed the peak in the cold night air, which carried the scent of winter.

The sound of a sword cutting through the wind. Used to it, that familiar sound only made her steps quicken.

Soon, she climbed a higher peak, and her vision was filled with a forest of plum blossoms in full bloom.

She stared ahead with a clenched fist.

Plum blossoms that seemed as if they were alive. Though she had seen this sight countless times, she could not help but feel as if she had been sucked in each time. White and red plum blossoms swayed as if blown by the wind and began filling the air.

Yu Yiseol made sure to carve this image into her eyes, but then the plum blossoms around her disappeared like an illusion. It was as if everything she had seen was but a dream.

A faint sigh of regret escaped from her lips.

What remained where once plum blossoms danced was Chung Myung, who was seated on the ground, his face upset and his sword stuck in the earth.

Yu Yiseol stared at him with blank eyes

This was something she had seen several times. Her eyes could perfectly describe what she had seen, but still, Chung Myung looked upset.

‘I want to hit him.’

Yu Yiseol thought this to herself, her face reddening in anger. All of Mount Hua’s disciples would say that Yu Yiseol was a training maniac.

But she knew who, in reality, was the true training maniac.

The person in front of her put in the most effort, making catching up to him from behind close to impossible.

Chung Myung did not move as he seemed to be troubled by his thoughts. She looked at his back and then turned around. A troubled warrior was not someone she should carelessly touch.

Yu Yiseol, who returned from where she came, stood up again. She looked back at Chung Myung, feeling determination fill her.

‘Someday even I will…’

As she slowly descended the mountain, she gripped the handle of her sword.

Chung Myung gripped his sword.

“I am going to die of frustration now.”

And with a groaning sound, he drew the sword and placed it on his lap. He went through it every time he practiced, but it was really annoying not being able to realize what he knew in his head with his body.

Of course, current Chung Myung was definitely stronger than the Plum Blossom Sword Saint at the same age. In his previous life, he was also called a genius who would go down in the history of Mount Hua, but compared to the current one, that past version was only beginning to rise.

Even if he swung the sword with his feet instead of his hands, he was confident he could beat himself.

If he thought that way, then there wasn’t a need to hurry…

“Kuak. It is about people who don’t even know that.”

‘Let’s calm down now.’

His foundation was being built slowly and done according to plan. Conversely, it meant that the foundation he had first created had little effect on Chung Myung’s strength so far.

He had come all this way thanks to the high level of understanding of martial arts that he had accumulated in his previous life as well as the history of various networks that he had.

From now on, it was time to demonstrate the power of the foundation he had finely made. He will be even stronger in the future, but…

‘As I thought, this is slow.’

Chung Myung frowned. If he could continue practicing for decades like this, overtaking his past self would not be a huge deal.

But the problem was that, no matter how much he thought about it, he would not be given that kind of time. The Demonic Sect was moving again.

In the past, it took less than five years from when they first discovered their traces to start an all-out war with them. So there was no surety that it would be slower now.

Chung Myung laid down flat on his back and groaned. He stared at the bright moon and frowned.

“Sect leader sahyung.”

“If you see anything more, tell me. Did that brat fall into hell?”

Again, there was no answer.

“Ugh, yes, what does sahyung even know?”

-What was that, you bastard!

“…No, you only answer when I speak like that.”

Chung Myung sighed and looked at the sky.

‘Maybe… I am just feeling anxious.’

-Remember, Disciple of Mount Hua. This is not the end. The Demon will come back, and at that time, the world of Demonic Path will be truly open. And it will be something no one can stop…

That damned bastard’s last words had been on his mind the entire time.

He said that Demon would definitely be back.

Until now, there were so many things that he had to do, so he hadn’t cared about this. But now that he was about to cross paths with the Demonic Sect again, those annoying words returned to his thoughts.

Generally speaking, that would be close to a prophecy that proclaimed the Demonic Sect would rise again. However, considering Chung Myung’s current situation, he couldn’t simply let it end there.

‘Did he call someone other than himself as the Demon?’

Since that conversation wasn’t nice to the end, he wasn’t sure.

“I thought about it and don’t have the answer.”

Chung Myung grumbled and jumped up while grabbing his sword.

Whether the Demonic Sect came to make a mess or the Heavenly Demon returned, in the end, there was only one way to solve it.

“I need to become stronger.”

Enough to deal with a Demonic Sect that might rise again. Even if the Heavenly Demon came back, he would just need to cut his head off.

“Me and Mount Hua are still a long way off.”

It didn’t make sense to bring the past back. The past could not be reclaimed, just overcome.

His sword began to bloom plum blossoms once more.

They were plum blossoms that would not fade for a long time.

Chung Myung’s eyes were wide open and shining.

First of all, in front of him was a familiar cart. However, it wasn’t the cart that caught their attention, but what was in it.

Round sacks were stacked above the cart.

“… what even is this?”

Were they planning to move places?

“Did you decide to move to Southern Edge in the short time I was gone?”

“We need to be kicking them all out and beating them.”

Hyun Young looked at Chung Myung with a face saying that he thought his suggestion was a good idea.

No, do not take that joke seriously…

Hyun Young slowly explained to the shocked Chung Myung.

“Unfortunately, we aren’t moving. These are the luggage you will be taking to the North Sea.”

“… right so what exactly is….”

“Jo Gul knows about this. The things below are wool and a change of clothes.”

“The food is put on the top. The boxes are gifts to the North Sea.”

Hyun Young shrugged.

“Isn’t the first impression important? No matter how much good things are told about us, there is no way that they would simply put their hate of the Central Plains aside. So wouldn’t it be better to prepare a little something? There is no one who hates gifts.”

Even as the two of them talked, the party continued to load the remaining luggage onto the cart.

“Everything is loaded, elder!”

“Hmm. Made sure to check that nothing was missing?”

Hyun Young nodded his head, looking satisfied.

“Did you pack up all the medicines needed?”

Tang Soso grinned widely as she slapped the bag she was carrying.

“Do not worry. I prepared everything!”

Hyun Young again checked the cart with hawk-like eyes to see if anything was missing.

“This is something that the sect leader has asked me to do, so there can be no negligence. It is a long journey to the North Sea, so you will need a lot of things.”

“No… wouldn’t it be fine if a warrior just holds a weapon?”

Reactions came in like blazing flames at Chung Myung’s words.

“What will you eat? Uh? Do you know how to cook?”

“You cruel bastard, you make people graze on grass at times!”

Chung Myung trembled at the fierce resistance he was receiving.

“… then even if so, why are you doing that? You cannot use horses if the cart is loaded this much.”

“There is no need for horses.”

When Chung Myung turned his head, Baek Cheon simply shook his head slowly with a calm face.

“Young master Hwang said that the North Sea is so cold that horses will die there in the cold. So we cannot take horses.”

“We will have to pull it.”

Chung Myung’s eyes shone.

“Well, we did the same the last time with you, right? It wasn’t bad training. Right?”

When Baek Cheon asked this, Yoon Jong and Jo Gul nodded.

“Recently, I haven’t been able to release the steam, so I am a bit riled up.”

Chung Myung’s mouth hung open in a daze at the calm and natural conversation.

Was this really okay?

If they were worried about horses freezing to death, shouldn’t it be enough to use horses until they reached the North Sea and then pull it by hand?

He had so many questions flash through his mind but realized it made no sense now.

“… what is with him?”

When Chung Myung asked this, Baek Cheon glanced over, and a person stood next to the cart while mumbling.

“Oh Great Heart of the….”

How can one chant a sutra so sadly?

The disciples of Mount Hua all looked at the person and shook their heads.

“But looking back, that man went through all the hard things until Sichuan and didn’t even get anything, right? We at least got swords.”

“Right, right… besides the Abbot abandoned him.”

“Amitabha. May you be blessed.”

Chung Myung listened to the conversation and glanced at the sky.

I guess Mount Hua was turning a little weird…

This wasn’t what I intended, though?

“Is everyone ready?”

At that time, Hyun Jong approached from behind.

The disciples of Mount Hua stood straight and greeted Hyun Jong.

“… seems to be prepared thoroughly.”

And after checking it all, he nodded with a happy face.

“The North Sea is very far, so be careful.”

“Keep an eye on Chung Myung so he doesn’t get into trouble.”

“Right. That is all.”

And Hyun Jong turned to Chung Myung as he asked.

“Can you do it properly?”

“… I was saying that until just a moment ago.”

He glanced at the party Chung Myung would be moving with and sighed. Hyun Jong looked at everyone with worried eyes.

“Remember one thing.”

His eyes were serious, and the disciples looked alert.

“You have no missions to complete. If you feel even the slightest danger, leave right then and come back home. Do you understand?”

Hyun Jong nodded after saying that.

“Then, take care of yourselves.”

Baek Cheon led the disciples to the front of the cart.

“What will Monk Hae Yeon do?”

“… for now, load him.”

Jo Gul threw Hae Yeon as if he were a luggage piece onto the cart.

“Chung Myung! You get on, too!”

“Sect leader! Then we will leave!”

The disciples of Mount Hua proudly pulled the cart and left the gate

Chung Myung sat silently on the cart and looked at the drooping Hae Yeon. He then looked at his sasuks, who were pulling the cart with strength, and smiled.

‘Now, even I don’t know what is happening.’

Just let whatever this was happen.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.