Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Dozens of warriors appeared before them, their forms piercing through the wind.

They wore snow-white clothes.

The word “Ice” was engraved on their chests.

“Are they from the North Sea Ice Palace?”

Baek Cheon’s face instantly stiffened. They had come to visit the palace, but encountering its members suddenly, made him nervous.

Hadn’t they said that good people don’t come and those who do aren’t good?

Judging by the icy expression on these people’s faces, it was clear that their intentions were not good. The lead warrior from the Ice Palace looked at them with cold eyes.

And finally, turned to one side.

Hong Yi-Myung and Hong Jin-Bo.

The words that came out of their mouths were colder than their faces.

Baek Cheon looked back at Hong Yi-Myung with questioning eyes. Suddenly, his face hardened, making him look like an entirely different person.

“I never expected to find you hiding in such a remote area. It’s as if your life is precious.”

The man with the cold gaze turned to Hong Jin-Bo, who stood beside him.

Hong Yi-Myung’s body trembled. He reached out to Jin-Bo.

On the contrary, the other man smiled as if something had just been confirmed.

“If you had left the North Sea, his life could have been saved. Lingering around this place. As you wish, I will bury you in the North Sea.”

“Ah, wait, hold on now!”

Baek Cheon, who stood at the side, raised his hand. The warriors of Ice Palace all turned their heads and gazed at the disciples of Mount Hua.

Upon seeing their bloodshot eyes, Baek Cheon lowered his hand and cleared his throat.

“And who might you be….”

The man’s face contorted in anger.

“No matter how urgent it is, you bring in outsiders. Have you forgotten your duty as a member of the North Sea, Han Yi-Myung?”

Upon hearing those words, Hong Yi-Myung’s expression changed.

“How dare you say such things? You were the ones who brought in outsiders first.”

“Your mouth knows no bounds.”

The man glared at Baek Cheon.

“And who are all of you?”

Just as Baek Cheon tried to answer, Jo Gul nudged him with his elbow.

“….passing by merchants.”

The man frowned and glanced at the cart. Observing its size, he clicked his tongue as if understanding something.

“Fools pretending to be merchants. Do you not know when trade between the Central Plains and the North Sea was banned?”

“Well…we haven’t traded anything in particular.”

“Nevertheless, it makes no difference. You shall die.”

The man gave a curt, cold response, clearly indicating his reluctance to say anything more.

“Kill them all. And behead the young one.”

With a brief and resolute reply, the warriors of Ice Palace drew their swords and advanced. Hong Yi-Myung gripped Jin-Bo by the shoulder.

“I will block them, and you can run without looking back.”

“We don’t have time to talk. Go!”

“I told you to leave immediately. What are you doing?!”

Hong Yi-Myung eventually pushed Hong Jin-Bo to the back and spread both hands from side to side to confront the Ice Palace warrior getting closer.

“You cannot pass until you kill me.”

“Such obvious words. A child who hasn’t learned martial arts can be killed at any time. However, the opportunity to take the life of the Ice Tiger doesn’t come easily.”

At the blatant sarcasm, Hong Yi-Myung bit his lip and raised his qi.

“…looks like they’re about to fight?”

“…we don’t have to worry, though.”

“They’ll kill us later.”

“What should we do?”

Baek Cheon and Jo Gul scratched their heads.

They realized how quickly the situation was changing, but it was difficult to choose a side when they weren’t sure what was happening.

“I think that man is stronger than I thought.”

“But he can’t handle them all alone, right?”

Baek Cheon let out a deep sigh. They would have immediately taken Hong Yi-Myung’s side if it was a normal excursion. But they were on their way to the Ice Palace; if possible, they didn’t want to oppose them.

“If we don’t do anything, people will die. If we do something, the consequences will be too much.”

They couldn’t decide either way.

“What should we do?”

Then the sound of a sword being unsheathed reached their ears. Baek Cheon and Jo Gul turned to see Yoon Jong pulling out his sword.

“W-what are you doing?”

“As a taoist, I understand the importance of providing food and shelter. How can I turn away from this?”

Was this kid serious?

“Did you hear that?”

“Didn’t you say he wants to kill us all? It seems like he has no intention of leaving anyone alive. So what difference does it make if we fight now or later? If possible, we should try to save lives.”

Baek Cheon was about to speak when…

A loud noise erupted from the side where Hong Yi-Myung was. The disciples’ eyes widened in surprise…

They saw Hong Yi-Myung stagger back, blood dripping from his body.

He rolled on the ground but quickly got back up. However, blood stained the white snow as it dripped from his mouth.

His hands remained steady, ready to support his body.

“Enough with the games.”

The warriors who were closing in on Hong Yi-Myung wore calm expressions.

Hong Jin-Bo, who was watching from the side, called out to his father in worry.

Hong Yi-Myung turned back, his bloodshot eyes filled with rage.

“Didn’t I tell you to run?”

“Do you want to see me die here?”

“Go! Go! You need to survive! So hurry!”

Hong Yi-Myung’s voice changed, but Hong Jin-Bo was too scared to notice anything.

The warriors of Ice Palace laughed at the scene of despair for the two.

“There is nothing to be so sad about. You will die, and that young one will soon follow.”

Hearing this made Hong Yi-Myung grit his teeth in anger and look at the Ice Palace warriors.

“If you have the pride of being warriors of the Ice Palace, you wouldn’t say such a thing. Are you saying you don’t know who he is?”

The man in the lead spoke coldly.

“We are saying this because we know. Well, an old man who is bound by the ghost of the past will not be able to understand it no matter how much he hears it.”

“These bastards will be punished!”

“I have nothing to say. Die!”

As soon as that signal was made, the warriors rushed quickly to Hong Yi-Myung. Hong Yi-Myung waved both hands and raised his qi.

A white qi surged from his hand, and soon, like snow, white mist moved from them.

“Ice Snow Palm! You can do it!”

The tension that was held back was released, and frightening coldness filled the air, but the Ice Palace warriors didn’t seem to care about it.

Blue sword qi clashed with the Ice Snow Palm one after another. The force of the palm was crushed as if it was a snake being hit by rocks.

Showing that he alone was not enough to deal with so many attackers, Hong Yi-Myung coughed up blood once more and took a step back. However, the warriors were not about to back away.

Their knives were aimed at Hong Yi-Myung’s neck. However, at that moment, Hong Yi-Myung’s eyes opened wide.

A sharp metallic sound sliced through the air, and, at the same time, the thrown knife was bounced away.

The eyes of the person who threw the knife trembled.

Spinning round and round, the flying knife embedded itself into the snow.

Hong Yi-Myung, who knew his head should have been severed, looked at the man who was blocking his way.

The most heroic stance…

Baek Cheon, who stood in front of Hong Yi-Myung, raised his hand to scratch his head.

“Well, it was bound to happen anyway.”

Yoon Jong walked over and stood beside him.

“They would have tried to kill us regardless, but it’s all the same when we fight.”

Jo Gul also drew his sword and stood next to Yoon Jong. Yu Yiseol and Tang Soso followed suit and started moving with slow steps.

“What are all of you doing? You don’t seem like regular merchants.”

“… we aren’t regular merchants.”

Baek Cheon shrugged.

“But it seems we don’t need to reveal our true identities on this side.”

Jo Gul assisted Baek Cheon.

“It’s the same as keeping your identity hidden. You rude jerks.”

“Right. Our Jo Gul is saying the right thing for the first time?”

After hearing Yoon Jong praise him, Jo Gul smiled brightly. However, the warriors watching them were turning angry.

“You got involved in the affairs of the North Sea? Who are you, Central Plains people?”

Hearing those words, Baek Cheon twitched his lips and tilted his head.

“You said you wanted to kill us?”

“You are a funny one. You told us to be killed a while ago, but now you act like you don’t want to be involved with us.”

Yoon Jong and Jo Gul looked at each other.

‘Sasuk… he is on this again.’

‘Let it be. Isn’t it turning into a habit?’

Baek Cheon had many thoughts before a fight, but once he made a decision, he wasn’t the kind to look back.

Then, finally, Hae Yeon walked slowly and stood by them.

“I don’t know what is happening, but human life is very precious. I will not agree to the act of killing someone in front of me.”

The Ice Palace warrior opened his eyes wide like he was surprised and then mocked.

“I heard that the people of the Central Plains are arrogant, and that seems about right. They dared interfere with the happenings of the Ice Palace in the North Sea, so we will make you pay dearly.”

The man pulled out the knife stuck in the ground and slashed it. He seemed a bit angry.

And the faces of the disciples went stiff.

‘I still don’t like this….’

The disciples of Mount Hua looked back at the cart with bright faces. Seeing those in their way turning their gazes away, the Ice Palace warriors also turned to look at the cart.

A round piece of luggage was swaying to and fro, and collapsing little by little, revealing a bigger and rounder one from before…

‘No, is that a person?’

A person covered in as much fur as a human could wear poked his head out. With a face of clear annoyance, he screamed.

“No, what is all this waiting for again?! It gets colder the more you stay!”

At this absurd sight, the warriors were speechless.

Why was a person coming out from a luggage sack?

“No, brat! Look at the situation before you speak!”

“Situation? What about it?”

“Because this is the Ice Palace! Ice Palace!”

Baek Cheon tried to let out his built-in irritation, but he stopped.

Chung Myung was a violent idiot, but not a stupid one. He wasn’t someone who didn’t know what it meant to meet Ice Palace people here.

“You care about all the things. Just do what you want.”

Baek Cheon smiled at how Chung Myung answered him.

Baek Cheon, who managed to throw down any awkwardness and hesitation he had, stared at the warriors of the Ice Palace and gave them an arrogant look.

“If you want to go back now, I won’t touch you. But my guys are a bit rough.”

The warriors gritted their teeth.

“Look at these bastards acting all…”

Even when they attempted to…

The Ice Palace Warriors charged toward the Mount Hua disciples. Still, Baek Cheon stood firm, unwavering as he directed his sword.

Starting with Baek Cheon, the Mount Hua disciples swiftly advanced toward the Ice Palace warriors like lightning bolts.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.