Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Not this side either!”

“There are no footprints at all! The snow-covered everything…”

The person receiving the report frowned.

“Does it make sense that no footprints are left behind due to the blizzard?”

“Then you mean to say that the person who ran away could have used martial arts to move in the air and leave no footprints, like ‘Traceless Steps on Snow’?”

“Find him right now!”

The warriors scattered in all directions. The intruder was someone who infiltrated the Ice Palace alone and harmed their people, so letting him go would damage their pride.

Song Yuan clenched his fists and scanned the blizzard.

‘I will never let him live.’

His pride was at stake.

Urgent footsteps were heard.

“Just find him, don’t confront him alone, and send us a signal as soon as you do! He’s surely skilled!”

The person who gave the order hurriedly turned and ran but then hesitated.

The vast lake was in front of him. Using it as an escape route, with no way to hide, was an unlikely choice.

So he looked ahead, just in case, but couldn’t see even a faint shadow.

The warriors of the Ice Palace became agile and moved quickly.

And after some time…

The vast expanse of ice.

A round head and a smaller one emerged from a small hole in the middle. The round one looked around, bending left and right. Suddenly, a sigh escaped from beneath the ground.

“… uhhhhh. I’m going to freeze to death.”

Cold water trickled down his wet hair. As the blizzard struck his face, it felt as though it would turn to ice instead of water.

Even though it hadn’t been long, white frost began to form on his face. The water flowing through his body felt frozen in an instant.

“Ugh. That damn man and his yin arts!”

The Ice White Divine Palm was a Yin technique that the North Sea Ice Palace was famous for worldwide. It was considered to be its representative technique.

The reason why Yin arts were irritating was because they inflicted coldness on the body. Perhaps now, Chung Myung’s body was colder than the ice water.

Baek Ah, who was also soaking wet, complained with sad eyes, but Chung Myung wanted her to be quiet.

Chung Myung, who had dug a hole in the lake, hid inside.

It was said that people should live a kind life, and normally he wouldn’t have been one to even try ice fishing. Besides, he already confirmed with Hae Yeon that even going into the ice-cold water wouldn’t result in death.

In the darkness of this blizzard, his eyes shone.

“… everyone is gone?”

Those who chased him were scattered all around and getting farther and farther away from the Ice Palace.

In that case, he could sneak back in.

But there was just one problem…

Chung Myung looked at the water close to his neck and sighed.

“I’d rather die from the cold! Yah! Breathe.”

Baek Ah struggled and twisted her body as if saying, ‘It was you who did that, so why do I have to head into the water?’

“Think carefully. If we went out, we would really freeze to death.”

Baek Ah, who was shocked for a moment, sighed and then took a deep breath. The skinny stomach of the marten swelled up.

After taking a deep breath, Chung Myung stepped into the water.

On the thick ice, the form of Chung Myung was like that of a carp.

“About Chung Myung. Things seem to be turning bigger now.”

“Is this work for a day or two?”

With the face of an enlightened Taoist, Baek Cheon said,

“It is the work of the universe for Chung Myung to do something, and it is like the flow of the world. In the end, if we get caught in it, we will suffer damage too. Typhoons are things we avoid, and we Taoists do not participate in disturbances.”

“Aren’t you just saying that you have no intention to be involved?”

Baek Cheon clicked his tongue and sat back.

“And if this is what is happening, isn’t it time for all to know? Whether it was the Ice Palace or not. If that guy decides to move on his own to make a mess, even our Imperial Palace will fail to handle the situation. He will probably just come back tomorrow morning or so.”

“… I wish that too.”

Yoon Jong kept looking at the window with a worried face.

He was so worried sick that he imagined Chung Myung knocking on the window.

Right. Doesn’t that sound so much like his imagination?

Yu Yiseol suddenly stood up and ran to the window, which she opened without delay.

Yu Yiseol was unexpectedly startled at the sight that unfolded. After turning pure white, Chung Myung looked like a snowman and was hanging in front of the window with his teeth clattering.

And on his shoulder, a marten, not so different from him, trembled with its front paws wrapped around its body.

The sound of his teeth clattering was clear.

“G-get out of the way.”

When Yu Yiseol stepped aside, Chung Myung nodded at her before leaping through the window and entering.

As soon as his feet hit the ground, he knelt there and spoke, his voice trembling.

“… I thought I was done for.”

The disciples of Mount Hua watched this in silence, shaking their heads together.

“Still, he came back earlier than expected, and it didn’t seem like it was the usual way.”

“What’s with his eyes covered….”

Jo Gul clicked his tongue and reached out to brush the snow off Chung Myung’s body.

But there was hardly any snow.

“Sasuk, this isn’t snow, it’s just ice? This guy’s frozen.”

Baek Cheon was shocked, and he hurried over to Chung Myung.

“No, you crazy bastard! What did you do to end up like this! Move him to the hearth and get a blanket!”

The disciples quickly placed Chung Myung in front of the hearth and wrapped him in layers of blankets.

Baek Cheon’s face twisted in anger.

“So, if you were spying, you should have stopped there! Why cause such a commotion!”

“I-I tried to return quietly.”

“… those idiots mistook me for a member of the Demonic Sect.”

The disciples nodded, understanding the situation.

“That’s really unfair.”

“They should apologize to the Demonic Sect. Such harsh words.”

Chung Myung glared at them, but in his shivering state, he posed no threat. Jo Gul asked him,

“But why did your body end up like that? No matter how cold it is, your body couldn’t have frozen like that.”

“Ice arts… ugh, it just happened.”

Chung Myung sniffled.

He felt like he could finally live now.

“Yin qi arts are cold. They pierce through the body and freeze a person.”

“Ugh. Did you have to do this just to inform us?”

“…you people will really die.”

Chung Myung coughed. Baek Cheon let out a small sigh and asked,

Chung Myung tried to open his eyes.

“Ugh. If I hadn’t worn those black clothes when going out, this wouldn’t have happened! So why didn’t any of you try to stop me?”

“You did all this, you crazy bastard!”

Did this bastard have a cartwheel in his head? Why was he so intent on throwing things at the other side?

Chung Myung clutched the blanket and trembled while Baek Ah moved closer to him.

“…but are you really okay?”

At this point, they were all sincerely worried for him. Seeing their concerned looks, Chung Myung clicked his tongue and then sat up straight.

“Um… Yin qi or whatever, it couldn’t pierce through my body! I got rid of it right away!”

As assumed, Chung Myung took the stance to cultivate, and Baek Cheon shook his head.

The morning was bright.

The disciples who woke up from their tired sleep glanced at the door.

Tang Soso hurried to the door and pulled it open.

“What’s the matter?”

Several people in armor stood there. At the front was Song Yuan, who had been chasing Chung Myung the previous day.

He looked at Tang Soso with cold eyes.

“There was an intruder in the palace last night.”

“Ah, I did hear some commotion last night, so that might be it.”

“Did anything happen here?”

Tang Soso maintained a composed expression during the conversation, and the man couldn’t gather any information from her.

“If you don’t mind, may I take a look inside?”

“Not like that, but we need to be certain. The intruder is skilled at using unusual abilities, so he could have infiltrated.”

“Everyone in the palace is cooperating with us, so please.”

Tang Soso couldn’t argue with that obvious lie.

“Of course, come in.”

Chung Myung spoke from behind her, and Tang Soso reluctantly opened the door wider. Then, she stepped aside.

He gave a slight bow and entered, his sharp gaze scanning the room.

“You have been busy.”

His gaze lingered on Chung Myung, who was smiling. Seeing him wrapped in a blanket, the man smiled.

“Yes. I often feel cold.”

“A warrior getting cold…”

“The martial arts I’ve learned are a bit unique.”

“Is that really necessary?”

The man flashed a smile and asked,

“May I examine your hand under the blanket?”

“Yes. Just a quick look will suffice.”

“Don’t question it.”

“I don’t understand why, and it feels a bit uncomfortable.”

Chung Myung shrugged, causing Song Yuan’s eyes to turn cold.

How dare he try to prolong this when we’re in such a situation?

Despite knowing that they were guests, he didn’t appreciate this child’s attitude. The anger in his heart caused him to cough.

“I just want to see if there are any wounds on your hand.”

The intruder had received the palace lord’s technique with his hands, so even if he was skilled, there should be some signs of it.

And it was not like he had doubts, but seeing Chung Myung in blankets made him curious.

“If there’s nothing stopping you, why won’t you show me?”

Chung Myung grinned.

“I don’t feel like showing it.”

Song Yuan was left dumbfounded by this response.

“Is he really joking with me here?”

What kind of confidence did he have to act like this in the Ice Palace?

“… so there’s something you’re hiding.”

“Oh, it’s not like that. No, but it seems like I’m being accused of something. But showing it just because of that suspicion feels unfair to me. So let’s make a bet.”

Seeing him frown, Chung Myung smiled.

“If I’m not the intruder, don’t get in the way when we go to the Ice Palace. Simple enough?”

Song Yuan stared at Chung Myung.

“I can’t speak for all of the Ice Palace, but I can guide you to where you want to go.”

Chung Myung nodded and extended his hand.

Smooth hands with no wounds.

But Song Yuan grabbed Chung Myung’s hand.

Surprised by his reaction, the disciples of Mount Hua tightly grasped their sword handles.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.