Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Bang Pyo stared in shock at the object before him.

A treasure of the North Sea piled up in front of his eyes.

He never thought he would witness such a scene in his lifetime.

It had been several years since he took charge of the mines, but this was the first time he had seen such a large accumulation of ice crystals.

Even with a large group of people working together, it would take at least 2 or 3 months to dig this much. Wasn’t this amount worth at least 6 months of supplies?

“And they dug all of this up in less than three days?”

He couldn’t comprehend how any of this was possible.

“What did you say? Ten?”

“Oh my, my eyes are so blurry that I can’t see how many there are. Does it really matter if they’re over or under the number?”

These constant words made Bang Pyo feel irritated.

It was clearly over, you jerk!

Even if he didn’t want to admit it, there were definitely more than 20!

His face flushed red with anger, but Bang Pyo couldn’t help but sigh without saying anything.

“You admitted it quickly.”

“I did indeed, so there’s nothing more to say. Making excuses will only make things worse for you.”

Bang Pyo nodded slowly and said,

“As requested, I will give them a break. They won’t work until you people leave.”

“You’re saying different things.”

Chung Myung squinted his eyes.

“… what’s the difference?”

“You clearly said you would let them rest as long as we wanted.”

Bang Pyo, momentarily speechless, motioned for Chung Myung to come closer, and Chung Myung obliged. He leaned in close to Chung Myung’s ear and whispered.

“… please spare my life.”

“If the lord finds out, I’ll be killed.”

Even Chung Myung couldn’t help but be shocked by those words.

“And… people in the north are known to be practical, but this…”

“For now, spare my life.”

Seeing that sorrowful expression, Chung Myung pondered for a moment, then smiled.

“Alright. Then let’s let them rest until we leave. In return, you’ll bring and distribute the alcohol and meat as promised.”

Chung Myung nodded his head, satisfied with the agreement.

Negotiation was about pushing the opponent to their limits. Going further would only lead to a fight. Bang Pyo looked away.

“And the ice crystals…”

“Do not touch them! They’re mine!”

Bang Pyo reached out his hand but pulled it back and licked his lips instead. Chung Myung swiftly swept the ice crystals to his side and concealed them in his sleeves.

Though he was shivering from the cold, he had no intention of letting the ice crystals out.

“Ugh, I might freeze to death.”

As Bang Pyo called out, Chung Myung stared at him.

“I… I will give you anything you want. But can you please tell me how you managed to find these ice crystals?”

Chung Myung, pretending to think, smiled and said,

“Let’s see how good the alcohol and meat will be.”

“Yes, it works. Why wouldn’t it work?”

But Bang Pyo saw it.

Chung Myung wore the softest smile and then made a round shape with his thumb and forefinger.

“Hahaha. Is there anything in the world that cannot be done? That should work for it all.”

The middle part of his words was so low that none could hear, but it was understandable even without hearing it. Bang Pyo simply nodded his head.

“You speak so well.”

Chung Myung smiled and turned around. The party who had been waiting for him a bit further away followed along.

“… can we really talk about the method?”

Of course, they had no reason to tell the way. However, it was an honest feeling that they didn’t want the opponent to benefit in a situation where the stance of the North Sea Ice Palace was unclear.

“Even if I tell them, they cannot do it.”

“Well, it isn’t such a good method…”

Chung Myung lowered his voice and whispered proudly.

“I am simply that good.”

Mount Hua’s disciples were speechless, gazed at him in confusion, and sighed. Only Hae Yeon smiled at Chung Myung’s words.

“That’s right, disciple. You always say the right thing.”

“Oh, we finally agree on something.”

“But, did you know, disciple?”

“Since ancient times, those who speak the right things and the truth die first.”

No, this monk… how did he turn out like this? Where did he learn to say such mean words…

Chung Myung, who had been staring at him blankly, clicked his tongue.

He had absolutely no awareness of what he had done. The disciples of Mount Hua approached the prisoners with bright faces. Then they just looked at each other in shock.

“…just what is this?”

“C-can we actually take a break now?”

They took notice of it and looked at the guards, who would normally hurl insults at them but were now watching with stoic expressions.

So, they all turned their gaze to Chung Myung, who was walking towards them.

“What are you doing?”

“Why continue this even after hearing everything? Everyone can rest now.”

They still couldn’t move. Chung Myung frowned and turned to Bang Pyo.

“The food? When will it come?”

“Ughh… it’s coming, so just wait.”

Bang Pyo sighed. Not a single prisoner could believe this.

This man, who seemed like the devil himself, was now portraying himself as a young warrior of the Central Plains?

Chung Myung smiled warmly.

“Now, shall we finally talk?”

Bang Pyo managed to bring in the alcohol and food before sunset, proving that he wasn’t incompetent.

As the prisoners stared wide-eyed at the large pile of food and alcohol, Chung Myung nodded in satisfaction.

But of course, this wouldn’t stop Chung Myung from tormenting Bang Pyo.

“You promised to let them rest.”

“… yes, but that’s a different matter, isn’t it?”

“You say the strangest things. How can they rest comfortably when the guards who’ve been whipping them are right beside them? They can’t!”

Bang Pyo tried to hold back, but he could only let out a sigh.

“If only it wasn’t for the method of how the ice crystals were discovered….”

There was nothing more important to someone in charge of the ice crystal mine. He wasn’t sure how they were found, but it was evident that learning this method would elevate his position and status even more.

“If it weren’t for my status, I would have already arrested him.”

Unfortunately, they were guests at the palace. If he acted rashly, his own head would be on the chopping block.

For now, it would be best to report this to the Palace Lord and await further instructions.

“Then, what if they manage to escape…”

Bang Pyo frowned in concern.

“Escape! How can you even suggest that they would be able to escape from this valley? If you’re so worried, shouldn’t we deal with that when the time comes?”

At that moment, the other guards glared at the one who spoke up.

“Did you really say something unnecessary and bring up the conditions of standing on top of this valley in this freezing cold temperature?”

“No need for talk. Just do it!”

All the guards grasped the ropes and began to climb up.

The prisoners simply watched as the guards gradually disappeared from their sight. Finally, when they all disappeared, the prisoners turned their attention to the food.

The sound of gulping could be heard here and there, but no one actually touched the food.

“What are you all doing?”

“Have it before it gets cold.”

Baek Cheon furrowed his brows.

“Chung Myung. It’s not that. The food has already cooled down. It’s like ice.”

A groan escaped Chung Myung’s mouth.

“Well, nothing comes easy. Is there a cave or some sort of shelter around here? Can everyone move there?”

“Instead of a cave… there’s a space ahead where the wind is less intense.”

Chung Myung nodded as if he heard something good and glanced at the other disciples.

“What are you waiting for? Let’s move.”

As soon as those words were spoken, they immediately began moving the food. The prisoners, who had been slowly paying attention, also started to move.

After moving everything to a warmer area, Chung Myung surveyed his surroundings.

“… any firewood nearby?”

“There are no trees in this place.”

He took a deep breath and observed the people. Their disheveled appearance indicated that consuming this frozen meat would make them ill.

Chung Myung, displeased, approached the food and reached out his hand.

Heat emanated from his hand. It was the power that once melted the millennium steel. Reheating this food wasn’t a big deal. The only problem was that his qi was too valuable to be used for such trivial matters.

Chung Myung shouted, but none of the prisoners stepped forward.

“If you don’t eat now, I’ll have to reheat it again! Do you want to die from eating something cold?”

“C-Can we really eat it?”

As if those words were some sort of signal, the prisoners rushed towards the food.

“Do not touch anything cold! I will heat it for you! Sasuk! What are you doing!”

Upon hearing Chung Myung’s words, Baek Cheon acted swiftly. However, before he could do anything, Yoon Jong had already started assisting people.

“Take your time! Please come slowly! If there isn’t enough food, we can bring more. And don’t touch the cold food! That man will reheat it again!”

When Yoon Jong stepped up, Jo Gul followed suit and began to help.

The prisoners stared at the food warmed by Chung Myung, holding it in their hands.

“…how long has it been since we ate something like this?”

“I was too busy eating anything to survive and…”

“For a day like this to come.”

Some examined the food, while others started eating immediately.

“Please eat slowly.”

“Yes, yes. Right. Please enjoy.”

Baek Cheon watched them eat, his gaze shifting to the accumulating bottles next to him. He appeared concerned.

“Sasuk, what’s wrong?”

“Ugh, can these people handle drinking…”

He worried about their weakened bodies, but Tang Soso reassured him.

“This should be fine.”

“Yes. They are warriors, so it shouldn’t be a problem for them.”

With his worries eased, Baek Cheon placed a bottle of alcohol next to the prisoners.

“Here you go. Please have this.”

Baek Cheon whispered hastily to the prisoners, who looked at the alcohol with emotion.

“Drink it quickly. There’s a guy here who can’t control himself with alcohol, so I’m afraid there won’t be any left once he’s done reheating the food… No! Monk Hae Yeon! How can a monk do this!”

Just in time, Baek Cheon noticed Hae Yeon hiding with a bottle of alcohol and called him out.

“If you have it all to yourself, you won’t even remember what it tastes like.”

“Why is that man behaving like this?”

Since entering the mine, Hae Yeon had been showing them a new side.

After the food was reduced to a suitable amount and alcohol was served in 2-3 glasses for each person, the prisoners’ faces softened.

“…we will never forget this kindness.”

Whenever they saw the disciples of Mount Hua, they never forgot to bow and express gratitude.

“No, we didn’t do anything.”

“Eat as much as you want.”

Chung Myung slowly warmed the food.

“Ughh… This is much harder than I expected.”

It was at that moment, after coming to the North Sea, that they realized they had more work to do.

Two or three prisoners gathered and stood up, approaching Chung Myung.

They looked at him with curious eyes, but then all fell to the ground.

“How can we repay such generous kindness!”

Chung Myung flinched at this.

“…get up now. If you bow like this to someone just for giving you food, everyone in the world will have to bend too much! Some beggars don’t even bow their heads after receiving food.”

Hong Dae-Kwang, who was in the Central Plains, felt his body itch. But despite that, they didn’t get up. They all lay on their stomachs and raised their heads to look at Chung Myung.

“Can we say something?”

The old man in a thick fur coat spoke in a hoarse voice.

Chung Myung examined his face and then smiled.

“I’m willing to listen if it’s a conversation.”

A conversation aimed at mutual assistance.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.