Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Chung Myung’s eyes shone brightly. Now that the decision had been made, it was important to move swiftly.

Perhaps the news about the ice crystals they mined had already reached the Ice Palace.

‘Soon, the Demonic Sect will also receive the information.’

And he had to prepare for the worst.

After contemplating all that, Chung Myung nodded. First, they had to ensure the safety of Seol So-Baek.

“Go, Baek Cheon! Go find the kid!”

“It’s Baek Ah, not Baek Cheon! You brat!”

“No, Sasuk should start, not Baek Ah.”

Baek Cheon was ready to fight and tried to move, but Yoon Jong and Jo Gul restrained him by the arms.

“Now is not the time for it!”

“Why are you people doing this to me? That bastard is so…!”

“He is Chung Myung.”

Baek Cheon fell silent. He felt sorrowful, accepting the harsh reality.

Baek Cheon cleared his throat and turned to the disciples.

“You all must have heard it. The situation isn’t so easy.”

Their minds were all confused.

The question of whether they could do it and the thoughts of whether they should just run away on the ice. Moreover, they were worried about finding Seol So-Baek in this vast land.

But no one questioned it.

There was no way that Chung Myung hadn’t thought of it. Because he was the one who used his head the best when a crisis was approaching them.

Even if they thought about the decisions made until now, once he made a decision, they all firmly believed it and supported him. That was the way of Mount Hua.

Baek Cheon asked, and Chung Myung looked up.

“Well, right. But before that….”

Chung Myung’s gaze slowly descended and fixed on the old man, and his lips turned into a smile.

“Would you like to let your anger out?”

Bang Pyo couldn’t see the valley due to the raging blizzard.

“Did you hear anything from the palace?”

After some thought, Bang Pyo clenched his fists.

‘They should have arrived and left by now. The delay means the messenger hasn’t returned.’

It was clear that the Lord wanted something done.

Whatever the order may be, it wouldn’t be good for those people from the Central Plains.

“Sometimes, following orders brings good results.”

A mischievous smile appeared on his face.

“… Aren’t the people below followers of the former Lord? If they speak nonsense…”

“What difference would it make?”

Bang Pyo waved his hand dismissively. It was a sign that it didn’t matter.

“I am not standing still because people in the world don’t know things. Even if you want to achieve something, if you don’t have the strength to handle it or carry it, then it is the same as not knowing.”

The subordinates nodded as if they understood, and Bang Pyo laughed.

“What can the newbies from the Central Plains and defeated old men do? All of them will have a difficult time saving their lives.”

Misfortune came from recklessness, but it wasn’t wise to be this wary of them either.

“Either way, in the end, they are rats in front of poison. But anyway, let there be no carelessness.”

Even so, he looked at the valley and then turned around, but his walk didn’t last long.

“Isn’t there a sound coming from below?”

It was because he heard the whispers of those near the valley.

“The wind is so loud. How can we hear any sound, though?”

“Still, we don’t know. So confirm it.”

“Be careful not to fall.”

One of the individuals talking approached the valley and stuck their head inside.

“Doesn’t seem like…”

A hand suddenly emerged from the valley and grabbed the collar of the person who was peeking down.

The Ice Palace guard was forcefully thrown into the valley without a chance to fully comprehend the situation.

Terrified screams filled the valley before abruptly falling silent.

The onlookers hurriedly gathered in one spot, shocked by the turn of events.

The hand that had thrown the guard now gripped the ground, revealing a person dressed in bearskin.

“A predictable response.”

Bang Pyo, who was about to depart, witnessed the scene and approached Chung Myung with a stern expression.

After yelling at those around him, he locked eyes with Chung Myung and demanded,

“What do you think you’re doing!”

In response to his harsh words, Chung Myung remained calm.

“Well, this is how it is.”

“I don’t think you’re an idiot. Or did you give up on the conditions?”

“Ah, it’s a misunderstanding.”

Chung Myung waved his hand and pointed behind him.

“They don’t know, but I’m not interested in negotiations and stuff.”

Just as he finished speaking, the disciples of Mount Hua appeared. They landed right behind Chung Myung and drew their swords together.

Bang Pyo’s mouth twitched as the swords were pointed at him.

“Why are you doing this…?”

“… What did you just say?”

Chung Myung snorted.

“Who’s the fool here? They know the Demonic Sect is plotting in the North Sea, but instead of stopping them, they choose to cooperate. They must want to die.”

“Y-You damn bastard!”

Bang Pyo’s face was stained with anger. But just as he was about to say something, Chung Myung waved his hand.

“Ahhh. Such an obvious reaction. We’re a bit busy now, so make your choice. Either make way or get hit and plowed into the snow. Easy, right?”

Bang Pyo’s mouth dropped at the words he didn’t expect to hear.

‘Is this guy insane?’

No one there could intimidate him.

“It’s said that people of the Central Plains are arrogant, and that seems to be true. How absurd do you have to be to say such things in the North Sea Ice Palace?”

Chung Myung had a sly smile. It was obvious he was holding back laughter.

“If people who dig up and offer their treasure because they’re afraid of the Demonic Sect, aren’t funny, then what else in the world is?”

It seemed like he touched a sensitive point. His face turned red.

“No matter what the Lord does, I’ll rip your jaws to shreds! Because of what you did! Subdue this man now and bring him to me!”

Those who were present moved to encircle the disciples of Mount Hua, and Baek Cheon sighed at this.

“Well, this was a provocative approach… I don’t understand how he manages to excel in it.”

“Isn’t it because he has no intention of preventing a fight? He simply says what he wants.”

“That aspect frightens me even more.”

Baek Cheon quickly scanned the area with his gaze. There were 40 warriors, and it was not a negligible number to contend with.

“It seems like you’ve lost your reason in the Central Plains. How dare you attempt to confront us with such a small number.”

“This number is a bit excessive for us. This is a situation to ponder.”

Bang Pyo’s face twitched in response to Chung Myung, who continued to mock them.

Chung Myung tapped his sword sheath with a smile.

“If you’re dissatisfied with the lack of numbers on our side, I can add a few.”

Unable to comprehend the meaning behind this, Bang Pyo furrowed his brows.

“Do you realize what your mistake is?”

Before Bang Pyo could speak, Chung Myung interrupted him.

“Being stupid and not removing the rope.”

Several warriors soared from the cliff behind them. Bang Pyo, in particular, was shocked to see them.

“Yo Sa-Heon! H-how?!”

They had clearly sealed their dantians, so who opened them? Even Bang Pyo couldn’t break it open.

Yo Sa-Heon landed on the cliff, looking enraged.

“You fucking dog! I will tear you down into a thousand pieces and avenge all those who died at your hands!”

Bang Pyo ended up taking a step back. That’s how scary the killing intent was. And it wasn’t just that. All those who appeared looked bloody scary.

And why wouldn’t they be?

They had been punished for all these years, and once they were the most celebrated warriors of the Ice Palace.

And half of them, who were thrown into the valley, had died right in front of their eyes, so the grudge wouldn’t be small.

Bang Pyo’s face turned blue as the prisoners ascended the cliff one by one.

Upon witnessing this, Chung Myung snorted.

“They are released after enduring torture in the North Sea. How dare you attempt to confront us with numbers?”

Bang Pyo was unsure of how to react to Chung Myung.

How was this even possible…

Now positioned atop the cliff, the prisoners glared at their captors with bloodshot eyes and clenched fists. Was there truly a reason to fear those unable to use internal qi within their bodies for a prolonged period?

Despite their strength, the warriors recoiled.

“What should we do, Elder?”

But Bang Pyo remained silent.

“What are you waiting for?”

Upon hearing Chung Myung’s words, all the prisoners fixated their gaze on him.

Chung Myung pointed his finger, and the prisoners charged forward as if that were the cue.

“I will eliminate them all!”

“You traitors to the palace!”

Chung Myung smiled while observing the prisoners rushing ahead toward the guards.

“Nice! We’re committing treason!”

“Isn’t this just betrayal?”

“No. This is treason. I’m going to bring down the Lord!”

Chung Myung drew his sword.

He wouldn’t have initiated this without considering everything, but now their path was clear. It all depended on their speed.

“No. They’re not our opponents.”

Baek Cheon turned to Chung Myung, who was looking elsewhere. And there, something caught his attention.

“… that’s the real threat.”

Baek Cheon’s face became tense. The skills of those guarding this place were formidable, but they paled in comparison to those approaching them now.

Baek Cheon chuckled at Chung Myung’s question.

“What? You’re laughing?”

“… contemplating fear….”

Baek Cheon’s eyes gleamed.

“We’ve already come too far.”

As Baek Cheon took a step forward, the disciples of Mount Hua followed him.

“Let’s go! It’s time to show the power of Mount Hua’s sword.”

As Baek Cheon sprinted ahead, Mount Hua’s disciples and Hae Yeon also ran ahead.

Chung Myung, who was left behind, watched the scene and muttered.

“… those crazy idiots.”

Sect leader sahyung.

… it seems like I made a mistake

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.