Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Go Jin-Tak, the leader of the Ice Sword Troops of the Ice Palace, urged his subordinates with a loud voice. The sharp wind blew through their faces, but their running speed didn’t slow down at all.

‘Are they the kids from Mount Hua?’

Go Jin-Tak’s mouth twisted.

It was funny that their troops were given a mission to hold back such insignificant people. It was like using a butcher knife for hens.

However, they were warriors of the Ice Palace.

No matter how insignificant it may be, they had to do their best. That was the way of the Ice Palace and the way of the Ice Sword Troops.

A sharp voice came from behind.

Go Jin-Tak raised his eyes and looked ahead. And through the raging blizzard, something moved quickly.

“Seems like we’re late.”

Go Jin-Tak smiled a little at his subordinate’s words.

“When there is a battle, it means there is an enemy. That means we aren’t so late.”

He reached for the sword at his waist as excitement coursed through him.

“Let’s go and play!”

It was at that moment, just as he was about to rush ahead.

A strange sight began to unfold. Some of those fighting began to run towards him.

“… what is with them?”

“Looks like they want to deal with us?”

The closer they got, the clearer the image became. Judging by their clothes and running form, they were not warriors from the Ice Palace.

“Seems like the kids of Mount Hua.”

A sneer formed on his lips.

“How dare they draw their swords against us? But I guess we should have expected this from the people of the Central Plains.”

Go Jin-Tak, who spoke in a low voice, eventually let out a roar.

“Subdue all of them! Those who resist till the end will be killed!”

After giving the order, he jumped off the ground and increased his speed. He had no intention of relying on his subordinates. He aimed to take down that daring brat who was in the lead.

The running kid was also sprinting straight forward, probably having the same thought without showing any hesitation.

Feeling grief at this sight, Go Jin-Tak swung his sword filled with internal qi towards the enemy’s head.

Soon, a loud metallic sound was heard, and Go Jin-Tak’s body was forced back.

For a moment, he couldn’t comprehend what had just happened. But he felt intense pain in his wrists, forearms and the blizzard’s chill hitting his face.

He managed to twist his body and landed on the ground. And then, his expression changed.

A white sword was aimed at him, and the opponent’s face remained calm.

Before Go Jin-Tak could finish his sentence, the man in front of him interrupted,

“Baek Cheon, the second-class great disciple of Mount Hua.”

Go Jin-Tak stood up and then aimed his sword straight at Baek Cheon.

“Go Jin-Tak, the leader of the Ice Sword Troops of the North Sea Ice Palace. Northward Sword.”

“Northward Sword Go Jin-Tak.”

“Forgive me for not prolonging this conversation. Instead, I will be sure to remember your name.”

The provocation caused Go Jin-Tak’s body to tremble. However, he couldn’t confront Baek Cheon due to the pain in his hand, which made him hesitate.

‘This incredible power.’

The difference wasn’t remarkably vast, but he couldn’t comprehend how Baek Cheon’s thin sword could possess so much power.

Upon noticing that Go Jin-Tak’s ferocity had diminished, his followers called out to him. Only then did he regain his senses.

“Such an unsightly look.”

He bit his lip and aimed his sword.

“I will admit it. So, even if my sword kills you, please don’t hate me.”

Baek Cheon grinned in response.

With that, Baek Cheon took a step forward.

“… and here we go again with that guy.”

“But why doesn’t that guy hate Sasuk?”

“… I-it’s a mistake. Put your fist down now. How did sahyung end up being so violent?”

“I didn’t get violent, you lost your mind!”

Hae Yeon, trailing behind Jo Gul and Yoon Jong, couldn’t answer that.

‘I think they’re both right.’

“Stop talking nonsense and focus! Stay calm!”

Jo Gul’s and Yoon Jong’s swords gleamed simultaneously while Yu Yiseol ran with her mouth slightly open.

Tang Soso clenched her teeth and tightened her grip on her sword as Yu Yiseol told her,

“I am by your side. It’s not so difficult to just show your skills.”

Tang Soso shouted confidently.

With Baek Cheon standing in the center, Yoon Jong, Jo Gul, Yu Yiseol, and Tang Soso, who were split onto the left and right, pulled their swords out.

The snowflakes, which felt like flower petals, cut the air with a sharp sound. And then it didn’t stop there; it stretched out further ahead to oppose the opponent’s sword.

A quick sword flashed.

At this unexpected speed, the members of the Ice Sword Troops became scared and brandished their swords.

But the sword of Mount Hua didn’t end with a single slash.

The sword moved even faster than the first slash. The sword, which was mixed with odd movement and unseen speed, was so fantastic that it couldn’t be described in words.

The half-frozen leather clothes cracked in an instant, and blood gushed out.

Frustrated with such an exchange, the Ice Sword Troops stepped back and looked surprised.

They could do this with just one slash. The swords of Mount Hua were swift.

Those who appeared young moved like experienced warriors who had faced the trials of Kangho for years and were targeting vital points.

Those who faced them were terrified of death. The warriors of Mount Hua relentlessly stabbed their swords, refusing to let go of their opportunity to win.

The Ice Palace warriors tried to hold their ground. Still, a barrage of swords overwhelmed them, preventing them from maintaining their usual formation.

Their disrupted formation caused their swords to lose their proper qi, continually weakening them.

The Ice Sword troops were shocked as the sword swiftly cut through them.

They soon lost the ability to scream and collapsed. Even in the midst of this chaos, Yoon Jong’s face remained unperturbed.

Compared to those who had lived as swordsmen in the North Sea for decades, those young swordsmen appeared more experienced. Realizing they had lost their role as swordsmen, grief took over them.

Jo Gul’s sword moved rapidly.

The warriors from the Ice Palace were pushed back in this fight for power, and their feet made deep marks in the snow.

Jo Gul, who confirmed the distance had widened, let out a short flow of qi and swung his sword.

The tip of his sword trembled with dozens of plum blossoms appearing.

Like snow plum blossoms in mid-winter, it was an extreme attack of the sword, but Jo Gul’s plum blossoms were blossoming with the white snow in the most perfect manner.

A truly shocking sight. The most amazing sword technique in the Central Plains was now showing off its beauty in this distant North Sea land.

At the sight of the flying red plum blossoms, the Ice Palace warriors were shocked.

‘This sword technique is…’

Anyone who was from the Ice Palace would have imagined this.

An ideal of wanting to cut through the fierce snow with their swords. And they would imagine that they could one day achieve that with enough effort.

But this was the moment they realized it.

If they wanted to reach that stage, they should have started sooner.

If that was the case, they could have stopped the plum blossoms. Now, with their skills, they couldn’t even take down one plum blossom.

The plum blossom petals fluttered in the snowstorm and pierced through the warrior’s body. With shallow wounds, the man collapsed and started bleeding.

The wounds weren’t too deep, but the volume of them rendered him unconscious.

At the moment when Jo Gul, who happily clenched his fists, was about to attack the opponent, he heard Yoon Jong’s cold voice.

“Stay calm, Gul. This is life.”

Jo Gul, who managed to control his emotions, lowered his sword slightly. After ensuring that it was stable, Yoon Jong nodded and also put his sword down.

“This guy is definitely something…”

The speed at which Jo Gul had become stronger was terrifying. However, his innate clumsiness made him appear unstable. His speed and agility were something that Yoon Jong could never match.

But one should not be content with that alone. Excessive excitement and emotions can lead to mistakes in battle.

The two swung their swords at the approaching Ice Sword Troops.

Jo Gul’s fast and swift sword and Yoon Jong’s heavy and solid sword began to move in perfect harmony.

The opponents fell like leaves in the wind as their swords were locked together.

While one focused on attacking, the other focused on defense, nullifying any gaps that could be exploited.

While one person attacked from the front, the other defended from behind. A swift attack originated from behind, yet there was no fear in their movements.

They possessed unwavering confidence and trust.

These two individuals wouldn’t be easily pushed back, even in the face of the Ten Thousand People clan. And despite the Ice Palace’s renowned military power, the Ten Thousand People clan warriors proved superior.

However, things would have been different if this had occurred a few months ago.

But now, these two people had reached a state where they had gained experience. And as a result, the experience they had been lacking was gradually being integrated into their bodies.

That was why they currently had no fear of anything.

“Let’s finish this quickly and help Soso, sahyung!”

“… don’t try to be clever!”

Their opponents’ faces grew pale every time the red plum blossoms bloomed.

The petals, staining the snow red, felt colder than the North Sea winds.

Flustered and shocked voices came from all around the battlefield. Jo Gul’s sword sliced alongside Yoon Jong like lightning through a plum blossom.

They hadn’t parted with their swords for a single day since Chung Myung entered their lives. Through their swords and hardships, they brought forth the blooming of plum blossoms.

Jo Gul, who effortlessly dominated his opponent, gritted his teeth and laughed mischievously.

“I apologize for shocking you! My sword is faster!”

“Ah! I told you not to!”

…although the battle was actually heading in an unusual direction.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.