Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The ground shook as if there was an earthquake. A majestic golden light illuminated the world, which was previously washed with the white of the snow.

Simultaneously, the sound of buzzing bees filled the air, and the light burst forth like water rushing from a broken pipe.

Thrown back by the immense power, those affected screamed in desperation. It appeared as though they had been forcefully kicked by some powerful force.

Jo Gul, observing the scene, muttered to himself.

Then, wearing a sorrowful expression, he let out a scream.

“Someone has to cut the air seventy-seven times to execute a technique! It’s like they’ve done it five or six times with just one blow! Kuak! Damn it! If I had known this, I would have joined Shaolin, too! Why did I come to Mount Hua…”

“No, you insane bastard?!”

Yoon Jong unsheathed his sword and delivered a powerful kick to Jo Gul.

Jo Gul was struck on the side and tumbled to the ground. Yet, as he spoke, Yoon Jong’s anger showed no signs of subsiding.

“I will talk to you later. Is this bastard really doing this right now?”

“I-I didn’t do anything wrong, sahyung…!”

Jo Gul immediately fell silent since he was a junior and did not wish to deal with Yoon Jong’s anger. Wasn’t Yoon Jong the type of person who couldn’t be stopped when he had a clear vision in mind?

“But this is a little unfair.”

The circumstances were different.

He understood why Shaolin’s martial arts were considered the best in the world. Of course, it might have appeared superior to others because the person using it was also skilled…

“Anyway, the monk isn’t playing around either.”

That’s because the image of Chung Myung bullying him and making him cry was clear in their minds. If you thought about it, wasn’t he the most valued person in the Shaolin sect?

A man who would have been respected for his skills in Shaolin if he hadn’t come across Chung Myung.

“Huh, Amitabha! Die! Die now!”

…behaving like that.

Every time Hae Yeon threw a punch, the Ice Sword troops would be sent flying like kicked straws.

Regardless of the differences in martial arts and their usage, Hae Yeon’s dominance felt like it was slightly unfair.

When a sword suddenly flew in front of his face, Jo Gul instinctively dodged.

“No. Are you actually crazy?”

Witnessing the scene, Yoon Jong’s eyes turned bloodshot. How could anyone be so foolish as to lose focus in the middle of a fight?

Feeling Yoon Jong’s gaze on his back, Jo Gul broke out in a cold sweat. He quickly made his way towards the Ice Sword troops. His sword moved twice as fast as before, along with an increase in his internal energy.

And he started sweating twice as much.

Fortunately for Jo Gul, Yoon Jong couldn’t keep his attention on him. This was due to Hae Yeon’s wild rampage.

Every time Hae Yeon extended his hand, a golden light flashed. The Ice Sword troops flew away helplessly like autumn leaves.

“… that’s really serious.”

Who would call this man a disciple of Shaolin?

For Shaolin, benevolence was the main focus of its teachings. However, Hae Yeon’s technique had no trace of it, and his fists moved like claws.

Looking at Hae Yeon, who had a small body but radiated terrifying power as he crossed the battlefield, he appeared more like a member of the Forces of Evil than a Shaolin monk.

“…this is all the karma of Mount Hua.”

To be precise, it was anger caused by Chung Myung’s involvement.

Yoon Jong, who disregarded this disturbing scene, shook his head and moved toward the Ice Sword troops, who had lost their motivation to fight.

Bang Pyo’s eyes constantly scanned the surroundings, his face pale. Anyone with eyes could see that the tide had turned.

“How did it all come to this?”

It was natural for the prisoners who managed to get their dantian working to attack the guards. They were the close aides to the previous palace Lord. If only they could utilize their internal qi, they wouldn’t be down there at all.

But the Ice Sword troops were different.

Hae Yeon now emitted a bright light from his eyes and overwhelmed the Ice Sword troops.

“What are those people…”

Bang Pyo turned to see what was happening. How could the fight be so one-sided? The Ice Sword troops were one of the main forces in the Ice Palace. They might not be the best or represent the Ice Palace, but they were not weak either.

Yet, these kids were pushing them back!

How could he accept this reality?

‘I-I need to escape.’

Bang Pyo’s mind started working quickly. The battle was lost now. At this rate, no one would be able to escape, and everyone would be captured.

Someone had to get out of here and inform the Palace Lord.

The fact that the prisoners had escaped and those who came as guests had drawn their swords.

At that moment, Bang Pyo searched for a way to escape.

“That bastard is using his head.”

Yo Sa-Heon, who had just dealt with the guard blocking the way, slowly approached the room. He raised the supreme yin qi with both hands.

Bang Pyo’s heart sank as he witnessed this.

“It’s nice that you speak my name. Compared to when you were fawning over the second elder, things have changed, haven’t they? Am I wrong, Bang Pyo?”

Unknowingly, Bang Pyo stepped back.

“D-Do you think it will be alright? The Palace Lord…”

“If I was afraid of him, I wouldn’t have started this.”

Yo Sa-Heon’s eyes shone.

Anyone who tried to talk after looking into those eyes was either stupid or just dumb. Unfortunately, Bang Pyo wasn’t someone like that.

He held up his hand as if threatening him and took a step back.

“Elder Yo… if it was you from the past, I surely couldn’t compete with you.”

“You understand perfectly.”

“… But are you in your usual state? No matter how much strength you regain, the stiffness of the Qi flowing in your body, which has accumulated over time, cannot be eliminated.”

Bang Pyo’s words weren’t entirely wrong. He had regained his strength, but his body was not the same as before, not even close. The same applied to every other prisoner down there.

“With this kind of body!”

Bang Pyo stepped forward.

The coldness of Yin qi surged towards Yo Sa-Heon.

Yo Sa-Heon was immediately hit by it as he attempted to jump towards Bang Pyo. However, the man was already in motion.

Yo Sa-Heon’s expression changed as he pursued Bang Pyo. If they were to lose them like this, things would drastically change…

But at that exact moment.

With a thunderous impact, an arrow, which had soared like a kite, crashed into the ground.

Yo Sa-Heon stood tall and blinked. A massive circle loomed before his eyes.

What bewildered him more than the pit was what he saw within. Chung Myung, scratching his head, crouched atop Bang Pyo’s oddly contorted body.

“Uh… did I step on him too hard?”

Bang Pyo convulsed, foam bubbling from his mouth. Yo Sa-Heon’s mouth fell open.

“Chung Myung, we’ve gathered them all.”

Chung Myung turned his head at Baek Cheon’s words. The Ice Sword troops and subdued guards filled his vision.

About half of them were unconscious, while the other half were awake, their faces a mix of shock and concealed anger.

Observing this, Chung Myung clicked his tongue.

Behind them, the former prisoners trembled with unresolved anger. The guards flinched with each swaying body.

Eventually, Yo Sa-Heon intervened and calmed down.

“Everyone, please remain calm. It is known that these people are not guilty of the sins attributed to them. We all know that the true culprit is Seol Chun-Sang, right?”

“Of course, elder, we know. But…”

“Why wouldn’t I understand your feelings? However, if we take matters into our own hands, we will become no different from them.”

His calm and collected words caused the prisoners to sigh in relief.

Chung Myung, who observed this, was impressed.

‘He is intelligent.’

He wasn’t sure if this man was naturally inclined to be this way or if it was a result of the bond formed after spending so much time in the barren valley. Either way, the prisoners here were following his lead.

Yo Sa-Heon bowed his head to Chung Myung and his group.

“We have received a great deal of kindness that we can not repay in this lifetime.”

Baek Cheon immediately embraced that idea.

“As a disciple of Mount Hua, I did what I had to do. Don’t worry.”

Truly, it was a demeanor and action that couldn’t be explained with words. Just as Yo Sa-Heon was about to give a further answer…

“Ah, move out of the way!”

Chung Myung grabbed Baek Cheon and pushed him back.

Seeing him fly away and roll in the snow, Chung Myung frowned.

“Why are you acting like everything’s done? This is just the beginning. Well, even if they die soon, it’s nothing more than a waste.”

“Damn it! This bastard!”

Baek Cheon rolled his eyes and rushed back, with Yoon Jong and Jo Gul naturally grabbing his arms.

“Let’s calm down a bit, sasuk.”

“There’s nothing wrong with it.”

“What’s your problem, brat?”

Jo Gul quickly avoided Baek Cheon’s gaze. And Chung Myung didn’t even pay attention to what was happening.

“It will take a few days to rest. Even if you do, you won’t regain the original skills…”

They couldn’t train their martial arts together for years. It would take a long time for them to restore their original skills.

“Well, nothing can be done about it.”

However, Chung Myung shrugged.

“Do you know what you need to do?”

“But how did you know that the supporters of the former Lord were hiding in the North Sea?”

“A man we met before named Han Yi-Myung said that. He had to go through a lot. It can’t be easy to hide with a child in this land. There must have been some help.”

The old man looked at Chung Myung, impressed. It was easy to see him as stupid because of his frivolous attitude and the way he spoke, but this man was a Taoist named Chung Myung, who was sharper than he looked.

Of course, his anxiety didn’t die down even after realizing that.

‘Can I leave the fate of the North Sea to this man?’

But now, there was no other way. According to Chung Myung’s words, it wouldn’t be long before a terrible bloody scent blew over the North Sea.

As a person of the North Sea, as a soldier of the North Sea Ice Palace, they had to stop this.

Yo Sa-Heon opened his mouth with a solemn face.

Then Chung Myung raised his hand to stop him. Then, he turned his head and looked at the captured warriors of the Ice Palace.

“There is nothing good about having too many ears listening to this. Let us sort it out first.”

Chung Myung thought and crossed his arms as he mumbled.

“If you don’t have any regrets, just cut the…”

The prisoners who had been persecuted were amazed, and Chung Myung licked his lips.

“Hmmm. That would be nice, but I am a famous Taoist, so I cannot kill life so easily.”

Yo Sa-Heon breathed a sigh of relief. Well, Taoists were typically good-natured, but this one had a mischievous side to him…

Chung Myung shouted, pointing with his chin towards the cliff.

“Soso! Give them the poison!”

“It should be enough to give them the poison and throw them into the valley. If they’re lucky, they’ll be found and come out alive. If not… well, tough luck…”

“Ah. Untie the rope beforehand. It’ll be annoying if they try to climb up.”

“What? Just throw them in quickly. I’m busy.”

Seeing Chung Myung speak so calmly, Yo Sa-Heon smiled.

‘This guy is worse than the Demonic Sect.’

At least they let their victims have a rope.

And he was determined to avoid getting on the wrong side of this Taoist named Chung Myung in the future.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.