Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Seol So-Baek gazed at Han Yi-Myung and Baek Cheon, puzzled.

Upon seeing the child’s reaction, Baek Cheon glanced at Han Yi-Myung. His eyes held a calmness that suggested the situation had reached this point without him explaining it to the child.

Han Yi-Myung wore a bitter smile.

It was because he felt he had done something wrong when he saw the devoted young child’s eyes.

He looked at Seol So-Baek, who seemed confused, and said,

“Young Lord. You have known this to some extent.”

“…yes. It isn’t like I am stupid. But father….”

At the word father, Han Yi-Myung shook his head.

“I am not your father.”

This made Seol So-Baek’s eyes tremble.

Han Yi-Myung suppressed his regret and spoke with determination,

“The young lord is the son of the former Palace Lord. And you are the one I serve with all my heart. Until now, the situation hasn’t been favorable, and I dared to pretend to be the young lord’s father. But now, I must reclaim my rightful position.”

Sol So-Baek remained speechless, their eyes wide open, unable to accept this truth.

Yo Sa-Heon, who had been observing, sighed and assisted Han Yi-Myung to stand.

“The Young Lord is the sole heir of the Seol family, destined to guide the North Sea. It won’t be simple, but you must take charge.”

Seol So-Baek gazed at Yo Sa-Heon with confusion.

“It was enough. An elder of the Ice Palace, who suddenly appeared, forced him to do something he had never imagined, and it couldn’t be easy for the young kid to accept that situation.”

Yo Sa-Heon spoke in a determined manner.

“Your late father, who is no longer with us, would be asking this too.”

“There are things that can be done and things that must be done. The young lord needs to intervene and fix this troubled situation in the North Sea, ultimately saving the people.”

Yo Sa-Heon knelt on the ground.

“Therefore, gather your strength. Only the young lord has the power to rescue and free the people of the North Sea. The destiny of the North Sea lies solely in your hands.”

Seol So-Baek bit his lip.

He knew how difficult it was for the people in the North Sea. He had seen so much while traveling with Han Yi-Myung.

Even thinking about it made his shoulders slump. The news of him being the former lord’s son and having the people’s fate in his hands were all heard but didn’t affect his heart.

Han Yi-Myung spoke up.

Meanwhile, Baek Cheon, growing impatient with the slow conversation, sighed and shifted his head from side to side.

He involuntarily took a step back.

‘Why is he behaving like that again?’

Chung Myung’s contorted face became visible.

It didn’t seem like a particularly dangerous look, but there was something about it that he didn’t like.

Baek Cheon, who understood that, glanced at the disciples of Mount Hua. That meant he wanted to stop Chung Myung if he was about to do something.

Unfortunately, his signal came too late.

Chung Myung, who had been observing the situation, approached Han Yi-Myung and Yo Sa-Heon with sympathetic eyes.

“What are you saying to a kid whose blood doesn’t even flow to his head?”

“What kind of child with a small brain can save the North Sea? And only him?”

Chung Myung’s eyes glimmered.

“If kids can do all that, then what are the adults for? Ugh? What about the adults!?”

Chung Myung shouted and gestured for Seol So-Baek to come.

But Seol So-Baek hesitated, not wanting to approach. Seeing that, Chung Myung tilted his head.

‘Who would want to come to you, bastard?’

You brat, did you even remember what you did to him the last time!

Perhaps now, Seol So-Baek’s eyes gazed upon Chung Myung like one would at a beast, if not a bandit leader.

But sadly, from Seol So-Baek’s perspective, he didn’t know that Chung Myung was not one to give up just because he didn’t cooperate.

Chung Myung approached him and guided the child by the shoulder to position him in front of himself.

“What? The destiny of the North Sea?”

Han Yi-Myung’s face was visibly disturbed.

As anticipated, this young Taoist had a talent for unsettling others with only a few words.

“Entrust the fate of this land to a child as small as a mouse? What is wrong with all of you?”

“Listen, Taoist disciple. Seol So-Baek is…”

Han Yi-Myung attempted to speak, but Chung Myung would not allow anyone to interrupt.

“Indeed, if it involves the bloodline of the Seol family, it holds significance. The master will go to great lengths and even offer the North Sea. Why burden a child with such responsibility? What you should do…ugh!”

Chung Myung showed his annoyance.

“Stop speaking nonsense. If you’re staking the fate of the North Sea on the kid, then the North Sea is doomed.”

The conclusion was colder than before. Han Yi-Myung’s face froze at that frigid tone.

“You’re being too harsh….”

Just as Han Yi-Myung was about to speak, Yo Sa-Heon raised his hand to silence him.

“… what the disciple just said isn’t incorrect.”

Chung Myung gazed at him.

“Consider it as something we’ve said to find solace. We don’t plan to take shelter behind the young lord Seol.”

Upon hearing this, Chung Myung nodded. Then, he faced the boy and gently pinched his cheeks with both hands.

“You’re unable to do anything.”

“All you have to do is reveal your face. We’ll take care of everything else.”

The disciples murmured at this peculiar sight.

“Is this guy actually being kind?”

“Yes, he’s not usually like this.”

“That jerk has been acting strange lately, Sasuk.”

However, Han Yi-Myung and Yo Sa-Heon had unusual reactions.

Wasn’t he the guy who irritated everyone?

They couldn’t understand the thought process of Mount Hua’s disciples.

“Don’t try to burden the child. If something needs to be done, do it yourself.”

Upon hearing Chung Myung’s words, Yo Sa-Heon nodded.

“Except for that, of course. We won’t hesitate to risk our lives in this battle.”

“Don’t misunderstand me.”

But Chung Myung’s cold voice came back unexpectedly, causing Yo Sa-Heon to look startled.

Chung Myung stared at him with a somber expression and let out a sigh.

“Throwing away your life is not what responsibility entails. Remember that. The key is to win and survive at all costs. Dying while working is simply passing on the responsibility to future generations.”

He raised his head and looked at the North Sea’s sky. It was a clear sky, but Chung Myung couldn’t tear his eyes away.

He didn’t say anything for a moment but gently tapped Seol So-Baek’s shoulder without looking down.

“There’s nothing to fret about.”

Chung Myung’s lips curved into a smile.

“Because one fool is sufficient.”

It was impossible for one to fully comprehend the actions of others.

Seol Chun-Sang wasn’t naive enough to not acknowledge such an evident act. Ultimately, being human entailed feigning understanding of the other person to a certain extent, but deciphering their concealed motives was challenging.

‘This isn’t a matter of such nature.’

Nevertheless, a minimum level of ‘reason’ was accepted by humans. But the scene before him was completely different from everything he knew.

A cave where a wind colder than ice blew. In the middle of it, a gray-haired old man bowed in utmost respect with his forehead pressed to the floor.

This alone wasn’t a strange sight.

It was common for humans to show respect and devotion. Even if the old man expressed his faith and devotion to the form of a colossal asura that was spread out in front of his eyes, it wouldn’t be so odd.

It wouldn’t be that strange.

Seol Chun-Sang couldn’t understand how a person of that level could show such perfect faith to another, especially to someone who didn’t exist.

‘What is this Heavenly Demon exactly?’

This term was familiar to him. Anyone who had been to Kangho would know it.

But no matter how powerful and fearsome the Heavenly Demon was, in the end, he was the one who was defeated over 100 years ago.

How could a man show such perfect obeisance to someone who died 100 years ago? Especially since they had also reached the highest levels of power.

So, this sight didn’t sit well with him. It gave him goosebumps.

At that moment, the high priest, who had been bowing his head on the ground, slowly moved back.

It was a sight that would make one laugh.

But those who watched it didn’t dare to smile at this. It wasn’t because the man was scary, but rather because of his sincerity in doing this, which made people wary of it.

Amidst the chilling wind, the terrifying sound of the high priest’s clothes and body rubbing against the floor could be heard.

Eventually, the high priest, who had fully left the cave, stood up slowly. And without bothering to wipe the blood off his forehead, he faced Seol Chun-Sang.

Seol Chun-Sang bowed his head.

“… I greet the high priest.”

As soon as those icy eyes landed on him, Seol Chun-Sang felt beads of sweat forming on his body.

The high priest, who had been regarding Seol Chun-Sang with icy eyes, opened his mouth slowly.

“I told you to retrieve the ice crystals.”

Seol Chun-Sang bowed his head and bit his lip.

‘Those damn bastards…’

Who could have predicted that the disciples of Mount Hua would overpower the Ice Palace warriors and flee with the ice crystals?

“H-High priest. Something unseen has occurred. The prisoners’ internal qi restraint has been lifted, and…”

Seol Chun-Sang was startled by the cold voice and cowered.

“I told you, I need ice crystals.”

Seol Chun-Sang’s body trembled.

“There is only one reason why I helped you, a mere unbeliever, by moving all the sect people around. And if you cannot do that properly, why should I let a filthy one such as you live?”

As soon as those words were uttered, Seol Chun-Sang knelt on the ground. This wasn’t what Seol Chun-Sang wanted to do. The qi from the high priest was forcing it. It was a terrible qi that he didn’t dare resist.

“H-High priest! Give me another chance! I promise to succeed! I’m willing to risk my life to retrieve the ice crystals!”

“You still don’t understand. You pathetic creature.”

The expression on the high priest’s face twisted like a demon’s.

“We have been waiting a hundred years for this moment.”

“If the resurrection fails because you couldn’t find me ice crystals, your life isn’t even worth the price. Even if the snow in the North Sea is stained red with blood, our anger won’t subside.”

Seol Chun-Sang’s body trembled.

These words were certainly not an empty threat. Hadn’t he experienced enough to know that these people could follow through with it?

The high priest sighed with a cold expression.

“If the ice crystals aren’t recovered within two days, I will have to take action. If that is the reason we fail to complete the ritual, you will have to face the consequences, even if I retrieve those ice crystals.”

“T-that will never happen.”

Seol Chun-Sang took a deep breath and bowed his head.

High priest, with a cold glare, returned to the common room without a word and knelt down once more.

“The Second Coming of Heavenly Demon.”

He stared at the high priest, his eyes filled with fear, and Seol Chun-Sang didn’t linger any longer.

Seol Chun-Sang slyly glanced at the man and cautiously stepped back.

“The Second Coming of the Heavenly Demon.”

The chant was repeated over and over again, flowing without end.

The strong wind shook the massive cloth hung above them.

A figure appeared through the fluttering fabric, and the high priest gazed longingly at it.

“The Second Coming of the Heavenly Demon.”

The demon’s seed was conceived here.

Seol Chun-Sang, who had vacated the cave, quickly wiped his face with trembling hands.

Sweat dripped onto the ground, unable to be contained by his palms.

He understood that he should never have been involved with them. And yet, he knew it was something he had to do.

However, Seol Chun-Sang couldn’t help but doubt his mistake whenever he faced the high priest. Maybe he hadn’t joined hands with mere humans but instead went up to an altar to summon a demon?

‘I cannot turn back now.’

Seol Chun-Sang’s eyes were bloodshot. The only thing left was to cooperate or die miserably at their hands.

And he had no intention of choosing the latter.

After escaping the Demon’s Cave, he glared at the elder who was waiting for him.

“… mobilize the troops in the Ice Palace to find the ones who took the ice crystals.”

“Find them! Find them at any cost! And make sure to tear them apart!”

Seol Chun-Sang’s shouts echoed across the land of the North Sea.

The blizzard had completely stopped before he realized it.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.