Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Warriors dressed in leather stood in front of Seol So-Baek, who was seated on a chair. Hot tears streamed down their faces.

“I am so relieved that you’re alive! I always believed you would be.”

Seol So-Baek nodded anxiously.

“Thank you for coming.”

“For what reason? We have been waiting for this day since the wicked Seol Chun-Sang killed the previous lord!”

Yo Sa-Heon, who was beside Seol So-Baek, glanced at them and spoke,

“Please refrain from using the title of young lord to refer to him. Address him as the little palace lord instead.”

“The little palace lord?”

“Of course, the correct title should be palace lord, but he hasn’t been declared as such yet, so we cannot use the title until Seol Chun-Sang has been defeated and he returns as the proud palace lord. So until that day comes, he will be the Little Palace Lord.”

“Yes! I understand it! I will dedicate myself to the North Sea!”

Seol So-Baek stood up from his seat and grasped the hands of those speaking to him.

“Thank you very much. Even my father, who has passed away, would be overjoyed.”

“Kuaaak. Little palace lord.”

It was true that he seemed ready to take action.

However, the Mount Hua disciples watching this through the window did not seem pleased.

“This sight is somewhat perplexing.”

Han Yi-Myung and Yo Sa-Heon built up their strength by gathering those who followed the previous Palace Lord and were hiding around the North Sea with the intention of attacking the Ice Palace.

Among them, some knew that Seol So-Baek was alive, and there were some who didn’t know it.

Of course, it was understandable that those who didn’t know this fact would express their emotions. However, it wouldn’t be comfortable for a kid like Seol So-Baek to see older people crying and expecting him to do impossible things.

He was a child who just found out a couple of days ago that he was the son of a noble family.

And yet, he continued to give it his all in this role. As they observed, their feelings shifted from pride to pity.

“But there’s a larger crowd forming.”

“True. It appears that more people have sided with the former palace lord than we anticipated.”

Tang Soso shook her head as she listened to Yoon Jong and Baek Cheon.

“It doesn’t seem that way.”

“We have been discussing it for some time now, and there are subordinates to the former palace Lord, but many of them did not follow him and instead decided to live in seclusion.”

“Hmm, is that true?”

“Yes. It appears that these individuals are coming together upon hearing this news.”

“The minds of the people are unsettled.”

It meant that those who didn’t dare to fight back, even when they saw Seol Chun-Sang’s rebellion, were now standing with their swords.

“Does it mean that the situation in the North Sea is that bad?”

At that time, everyone’s eyes turned to this voice from the side. A couple of people were coming towards them.

“They didn’t fight against Seol Chun-Sang in the past because they weren’t sure if the little guy was alive. If there is no prince, even if Seol Chun-Sang is defeated, no one will be the next ruler.”

“So Seol Chun-Sang will try to kill the kid at any cost.”

Baek Cheon nodded, indicating his understanding.

“So, how much longer do we have to wait?”

“Today, we will all gather together. Those who arrive late will not be waited for. Please join us during the advance.”

At these words, Baek Cheon double-checked the number of people who had gathered.

‘Is it approximately 200?’

If they included those who worked in the ice crystal mines, the total number would be around 400.

“How many warriors does the Ice Palace have?”

“Well, approximately a thousand.”

Baek Cheon’s face darkened.

Considering the size of the Ice Palace he had seen with his own eyes, this should be an expected number. However, hearing and confirming were two different things.

“There is no chance to win in a head-to-head fight.”

Han Yi-Myung shook his head.

“Among them, there are bound to be many individuals as skilled as Seol Chun-Sang. If he discovers that the young lord is alive, he will act swiftly during this time. Regardless of what anyone says, the young lord is now the enemy of the North Sea.”

Not because he immediately believed those words but because he understood the perspective of those aligned with Han Yi-Myung.

‘Considering all that, along with those who join in the future and change sides, our side is drastically low in number.’

Baek Cheon pondered and tightly closed his fist.

“I understand. Thank you.”

Then, Han Yi-Myung grinned.

“I had no idea I would be fighting alongside the disciples of Mount Hua. It’s quite an unusual connection.”

“Thank you. The North Sea won’t forget Mount Hua.”

Han Yi-Myung clenched his fist and walked away.

Baek Cheon watched his back and slightly frowned. Then, without turning his head, he said,

“What are your thoughts?”

“All bullshit, well.”

This was a bit too blunt.

Baek Cheon looked at Chung Myung and asked again,

“As he mentioned, wouldn’t it be worth trying to convert some people from the other side to some extent?”

Chung Myung, crouching to reach Baek Ah, extended his hand.

“Being human is not that straightforward.”

“Each person has innate differences in their thoughts. However, when they come together as a group, their individual thoughts vanish and fade away.”

“You don’t think everyone in the rebel army fights because they desperately want to, right? People don’t have the slightest intention to do it, but when they see someone ordering from ahead and the fight of those in front, they get swept away.”

“I understand expecting warriors to break away and come to our side, but will that really happen? I don’t think so.”

Baek Cheon looked concerned, while Chung Myung smirked.

He was usually full of nonsense, but his words held a strong conviction in times like this.

“So you’re saying we can’t win?”

“What kind of rubbish is that?”

“Defeat doesn’t exist in my books!”

Baek Cheon’s expression became grim.

Chung Myung’s eyes glazed over, and he pushed Baek Ah into his clothes, saying,

“That’s just the words of people who can’t find a way out. In this case, the method is too obvious, isn’t it?”

It was Yu Yiseol and not Chung Myung who answered the question.

Baek Cheon tilted his head at her calm voice.

“The people of the North Sea follow the words of the Palace Lord, and the lord can be a member who has Seol family blood.”

“Well, one cannot understand such things, but it is rather nice for us that people here think like that. If one takes out Seol Chun-Sang, who is the Palace Lord, we can gulp down the entire Ice Palace at that moment, whether our power is low or not.”

Baek Cheon shook his head with a stiff look.

If you believed that the adversary was not the Ice Palace but Seol Chun-Sang, the odds of success would be higher.

“But that is not the issue.”

Yoon Jong, who had been listening quietly until then, said,

“The crucial matter is what follows. We must address the Demonic Sect.”

When the name Demonic Sect was mentioned, everyone’s expressions grew icy.

“It is the Demonic Sect that plunged the entire Central Plains into darkness. Even though there is no Heavenly Demon, can we even handle the Demonic Cult with only the power of the Ice Palace…”

Chung Myung spoke as if it was ridiculous.

“Have you gone mad?”

Yoon Jong was taken aback and looked at Chung Myung. Chung Myung asked with a bewildered expression.

“Is your stomach bulging because your liver is swollen? What about the Demonic Sect and Ice Palace?”

As Yoon Jong mumbled with an intimidated expression, Chung Myung’s eyes widened.

“…no answer, really.”

And he said with a shocked expression.

“Let them be the Demonic Sect or something else. They’ll run back without even looking. How dare we get called out here to fight something that isn’t the Demonic Sect? I’d rather fall down on a sword!”

“… then? Aren’t they the Demonic Sect?”

“The Demonic Sect is just that – a Demonic Sect. I’ve told you this before. The Demonic Sect comprises multiple branches, not just one. When they move independently like this, they can hardly even be considered a proper force.”

Yoon Jong attempted to sigh with relief, but Tang Soso, who was listening, interjected.

“T-then you’re saying that this isn’t the full Demonic Sect, but just one branch is playing around with the North Sea as it pleases?”

She was shocked and covered her mouth with her hand. Fortunately, the people here weren’t the main force but just a branch of it. However, it was still shocking, considering that only one of the many branches of the Demonic Sect was able to dominate the North Sea.

At that time, Baek Cheon, who had been deep in thought, frowned as he looked at Chung Myung.

“But how did you know that?”

“What are you talking about now? If the main base of the Demonic Sect was established here, all the Ice Palace people would be dead.”

Chung Myung didn’t want to say anything more, but he waved his hand.

“No. This doesn’t make sense. In any case, those people are remnants of the Demonic Sect.”

“… Then things will be easier.”

“The fate of the Central Plains and the revival of the Heavenly Demon. Everything is fine… this fight isn’t like that. So remember one thing.”

After a moment of silence, Chung Myung’s face twisted.

“If you die, everything is ruined. If the Heavenly Demon comes back or the North Sea is destroyed, we still have things to do if we survive. If you’re in danger, flee without turning back. Never do something foolish like risking your life here. Do you get what I’m saying?”

The Mount Hua disciples and the others stared at him, their faces tense.

It was the first time they had seen Chung Myung like this. In the end, this meant that in Chung Myung’s mind, this battle would be a difficult one, probably one they had never experienced before.

At that time, Baek Cheon looked straight at Chung Myung with unwavering eyes and said,

“If I am in danger, I will run without looking back. Even if I am asked for help, I will ignore it.”

At that moment, Chung Myung smiled.

“Right. That’s my sasuk.”

Looking at the disciples of Mount Hua smiling blissfully at each other, Hae Yeon quietly shook his head.

These individuals were difficult to comprehend. It was at that moment when Chung Myung’s eyes gleamed.

“Well, there is one thing we need to do first.”

Chung Myung’s lips curled into a smile as he spoke.

“Eliminate Seol Chun-Sang and seize the Ice palace! That is where everything begins.”

Han Yi-myung and Yo Sa-Heon observed the individuals assembled around them and took a deep breath.

‘This day has finally arrived.’

Everyone present had a gleam of anticipation in their eyes.

They had been holding their breath in anticipation for this moment. Finally, it was an opportunity to join hands and work towards a new world.

“Please, say something.”

“Now is the time for the Elder to take charge and guide us.”

“If Young Lord Seol becomes the symbol, then Elder Yo should be the focal point. Please lead us.”

At the words of Han Yi-Myung, Yo Sa-Heon nodded and stepped forward. Normally, he would have been modest, but now was not the time for such things.

“I am Yo Sa-Heon. Do you all remember me?”

“First elder! Of course, we remember!”

Those who lined up greeted the man with loud voices. Sensing the energy in their voices, Yo Sa-Heon shook his head.

“The stories may differ, but I believe that everyone gathered here shares the same intention.”

His voice resonated, filled with dignity, just like when he was the second-ranking person of the Ice Palace in the past.

“Ever since that wicked man, Seol Chun-Sang, ascended to the throne of the North Sea Ice Palace, our once peaceful land has turned into a never-ending disaster. The people are trapped in despair, forced to face the hardships of everyday life. And to make matters worse, he has brought undesirables to our sacred land!”

Yo Sa-Heon locked eyes with each person, vitality resonating in his voice.

“I intend to bring down the man before it’s too late and put the true lord in power! I will fix the twisted situation. Do you all agree?”

At that question, an ambitious shout rang out.

Yo Sa-Heon suppressed the trembling in his chest and tightly clenched his fists.

“Let’s go! It’s time to reclaim the soul of the North Sea! The North Sea belongs to the North Sea people. Those who trampled the land with their dirty feet and those who sold them will all pay for their sins!”

“To the Ice Palace!”

With those words, people started to form a line and departed.

Baek Cheon, who had been observing the scene, turned his head and glanced at everyone.

Yu Yiseol, Yoon Jong, Jo Gul, Chung Myung, and Tang Soso. Hae Yeon as well.

Baek Cheon’s eyes gleamed.

“To those who oppose us, demonstrate the true power of the sword of Mount Hua.”

Hearing the determined answer, Baek Cheon turned around, and the hem of his clothes fluttered wildly.

Just as he was about to take a measured step.

“… warrior. I am Shaolin.”

“Ah, shut your mouth! You ignorant bastard!”

Baek Cheon smiled as he heard Chung Myung hit Hae Yeon.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.