Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The end of a war was always filled with a sense of futility.

Handling the end of such wars was never simple. Especially when the minority ended up dominating the losing side, new problems inevitably appeared.

Firstly, Yo Sa-Heon made sure to confiscate the weapons from the Ice Palace warriors. However, it couldn’t be said that they were overwhelmingly powerful.

It wasn’t that they couldn’t fight without the weapons, but it was a pointless measure for those who learned martial arts or palm techniques.

However, from Yo Sa-Heon’s perspective, they were individuals who would eventually unite under their banner. So, instead of exerting excessive force, it may have been wiser to consider the future of the Ice Palace.

Whether the intentions of the Ice Palace warriors were the same or if they believed resistance was pointless after Seol Chun-Sang’s demise, they obediently followed orders without resistance.

“It all seemed like a lie.”

Upon hearing Yoon Jong’s remark, Baek Cheon silently agreed.

The snowstorm hit again as soon as the war was over, covering the traces of battle on the land in white. It was as if the North Sea didn’t want the aftermath of the war to be remembered for too long.

“Aren’t they all members of the same place, though?”

“Elder Yo isn’t a pushover, so he will handle things well. Anyway, more than this, it’s not our place to get involved.”

They were discussing the aftermath of war, yet their voices lacked vigor. Although they were speaking, their thoughts were elsewhere.

Their gaze remained locked on the door ahead.

“… Will everything be alright?”

“The injuries appear severe.”

“There is one who need not concern themselves. Are you fretting over Chung Myung?”

Yoon Jong gazed at Baek Cheon, his words fading away. Despite his calm tone, Baek Cheon’s face betrayed his nerves. Unlike Yoon Jong and Baek Cheon, who weren’t gravely injured, Chung Myung suffered severe wounds in his battle against Seol Chun-Sang.

Baek Cheon pressed his hand over his mouth, remaining silent.

‘That cursed bastard.’

He knew the reason since he could comprehend it with his intellect.

This war would have lasted much longer had Chung Myung not beheaded Seol Chun-Sang. A lot more blood would have been shed to put an end to it.

It was a war without any room for compromise, and it would only cease when one side was completely defeated.

Chung Myung had, in fact, greatly diminished the number of casualties in the war. That’s why he had made an excessive display of force.

It was commendable to be recognized as both a warrior and a swordsman, but Baek Cheon didn’t perceive it in the same manner.

Baek Cheon subtly opened and closed his fist. And Yoon Jong spoke up,

“Is everything alright?”

“Why do you keep asking about the same thing?”

“No, it’s not that….”

Yoon Jong hesitated for a moment and glanced towards the door, continuing,

“…other than his physique, isn’t Chung Myung rather extraordinary from the norm? Like…”

Baek Cheon stared at the tightly closed door in silence.

He understood what they were discussing. However, there was only one response he could offer.

“But he is still Chung Myung.”

“Shouldn’t that suffice?”

Yoon Jong nodded, and then a deep voice followed.

Both of their gazes shifted to the side. Leaning against the wall, Yu Yiseol stood there, observing them with an emotionless expression.

“Nothing is out of the ordinary.”

Baek Cheon agreed and nodded, and Yoon Jong also expressed concern for Chung Myung. Baek Cheon wouldn’t blame him for that.

“But… Chung Myung’s attitude may differ slightly from usual, so please understand. After a battle like that, there’s bound to be some changes.”

Just as Baek Cheon was about to speak with seriousness in his eyes.

A desperate scream came from behind the door.

The disciples of Mount Hua, who were startled, jumped up from their spots. The voice Baek Cheon heard next stopped him from breaking the door.

“Ack! Ack! It hurts! What kind of bastard tied the bandages so tightly! All the wounds are opening!”

“Shut up! Can’t you be quiet?”

“Ah! Ah! Arm! My arm! I said arm! No, I said that hurts! It hurts!”

“Then why did you have to turn your body into rags and get hurt and do this! I am losing my mind here!”

Baek Cheon sighed upon hearing the aggressive words.

“…. Let’s go inside.”

Upon hearing those words, everyone entered hastily by opening the door.

“No! Hey! Is this how you treat someone? Seriously?”

“Stay still, don’t move! Do you want to be stabbed right in the center of your head?”

Tang Soso tapped the back of Chung Myung, who was lying face down with bandages, and mercilessly continued to stab him.

Seeing Chung Myung look like a hedgehog, Baek Cheon had a content smile.

It would be quicker for the North Sea to become a desert than for that bastard to change.

Chung Myung, who was present in the room, screamed incessantly.

“No way, seriously! What kind of needle is as big as a human’s palm! It doesn’t look like a treatment at all!”

“Why are you even comparing that! It’s meant to be used!”

“That definitely sounds like a NO to me!”

Baek Cheon, who was unable to see Chung Myung’s shaking, said,

“Capture that bastard and pin him down!”

Jo Gul, Yoon Jong, and Yu Yiseol rushed in and grabbed onto Chung Myung. Despite his growing resistance, these three refused to let go.

“You traitors! Do you think I will forget this grudge!?”

Baek Cheon frowned and sighed.

“No, why does a guy who doesn’t flinch at being stabbed go crazy after seeing mere needles?”

“Why!? Why is that even strange? Should I stick a needle through Sasuk’s head? It should be alright, right?”

At that moment, Tang Soso gritted his teeth and slapped Chung Myung on the back.

“Be quiet now! Enough! Don’t move!”

“Ouch! It hurts there! There!”

Chung Myung, who had been running around for a long time, finally started to calm down after Yu Yiseol tightly held his head and flicked his forehead.

Baek Cheon sighed and asked Tang Soso,

She looked quite annoyed as she replied,

“What do you think? Why would this man push his body like that just for fights? Does he have a body that is made for constant repairs!?”

As Tang Soso grew angrier, she shot a fierce glare at Chung Myung, a glare that even made Chung Myung flinch.

Hae Yeon, who observed this, offered assistance with a gentle smile as if he genuinely didn’t want any trouble.

“Amitabha. But, thanks to disciple Chung Myung’s help, everything has been resolved…”

Hae Yeon huddled in a corner, quietly repeating the same words, desperately hoping to stop hearing their voices.

At long last, Tang Soso, having gathered all the needles and completed the bandaging, descended from Chung Myung’s back, whose eyes were wide open in surprise.

“Now that the physical trauma has been addressed, some rest will be beneficial. Chung Myung sahyung typically recovers swiftly.”

“Yes, let’s make sure he goes and dies then.”

Baek Cheon was a bit taken aback by Tang Soso’s words and tried to dissuade her.

“L-let’s not be too rough on a patient.”

“Don’t you think he’s still alive because he’s a patient?”

Baek Cheon chuckled.

‘I should never get hurt.’

What kind of physician was scarier than the enemy?

At the same time, Chung Myung, who was lying face down, jumped up and stood up.

“Maybe it’s because I’m older, my body is…”

“No! This insane bastard! How old do you think you are!”

“He looks like he needs to be punished!”

“Ha… what do you even know?”

Chung Myung waved his hand and sat cross-legged. They were the disciples of Mount Hua, who appeared concerned as they saw Chung Myung with bandages wrapped around his body.

“… and such a man was scared because a needle was stuck in his body?”

Chung Myung glared at Baek Cheon.

“Soso, give me a needle.”

“Why? Is it too short for your liking? Should I stick one in sahyung’s crown too?”

Chung Myung looked sullen and turned to Baek Cheon, asking,

“So, how are things?”

Baek Cheon sighed and replied,

“The cleanup is going better than expected. Even those who were loyal to the former Lord obediently followed elder Yo Sa-Heon without resistance. It’s quite unusual to see.”

“Because this place feels more like a kingdom than a sect.”

What if there was a rebellion in Mount Hua, and someone defeated Hyun Jong to claim themselves as the sect leader?

‘That bastard will get his body cut into five parts that day.’

There’s no doubt that Yoon Jong, Yu Yiseol, and Baek Cheon would go insane without Chung Myung even having to rile them up.

“Elder Yo is in a hurry to make the little one ascend the throne on New Year’s Day. The Ice Palace is a place where the Lord’s position has to be filled.”

“Well, that’s true. The burden falls on the child.”

Chung Myung clicked his tongue.

“Yeah, having the Lord by your side is better, especially in this place.”

There were aspects that were hard to grasp with the mindset of someone from the Central Plains, but everyone has their own reasons for living. He didn’t intend to debate whether it was right or wrong.

The way of Mount Hua was also something that others couldn’t comprehend.

“It needs to be sorted out as soon as possible. This can’t be the most time-consuming thing here.”

Chung Myung, who said that, jumped up from his seat and got up.

“Why are you getting up suddenly?”

“To meet Yo Sa-Heon.”

“I’m a patient, so what?”

Chung Myung’s eyes cut off Baek Cheon’s words as they turned cold.

“This isn’t a situation to take a rest. We need to finish cleaning up and then deal with those Demonic Sect bastards.”

“…I know that, but you don’t have to move. Let us go and tell him. Elder Yo seems to be busy in his own way, too.”

Chung Myung chuckled at those words.

“Sasuk is really good…no, everything is bad, but there is one thing even worse.”

Ignoring the angry man, Chung Myung said.

“You think of those who are humans in a good light.”

“…what do you mean?”

“You will know it when you see.”

A strange smirk rose on his face.

“Those who have nothing do not know how to look back, but those who have something tend to look back and hesitate.”

He smiled, but it felt ominous, like a hidden bitterness.

His fellow disciples felt overwhelmed by those words and didn’t stop him, simply watching as Chung Myung walked out. At that moment, Chung Myung paused and said,

Chung Myung stood silently, and Jo Gul, growing impatient, was about to speak. However, Chung Myung surprised them all by speaking unfamiliar words.

“Everyone performed admirably this time.”

The disciples of Mount Hua were left in shock.

Seemingly satisfied with what he had said, Chung Myung turned and walked away.

Jo Gul leaped from his spot and made his way to the window.

“What are you doing?”

“Hey, Soso. Did you give him the wrong medicine?”

“I didn’t give him any. He must have been stabbed in the wrong spot…”

At that moment, Yu Yiseol was awestruck and whispered,

“… it feels like a dream.”

She couldn’t believe it.

Compliments had come out of Chung Myung’s mouth.

Wasn’t it Chung Myung who beat them down, even after they defeated the disciples of a renowned sect, and kept nagging them even after they defeated the captains and leaders of the Ten Thousand People clan?

“… we’ve lived to see such days.”

Baek Cheon, lost in thought for a moment, stood up and turned around.

“Let’s put an end to the discussion for now and continue.”

A faint smile appeared on his lips as he moved forward.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.