Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Those were offensive words.

It wasn’t something one would normally dare say in front of an elder and the Lord of the North Sea Ice Palace.

Yo Sa-Heon’s face contorted upon hearing that. It looked as if his anger would erupt like a volcano at any moment, but he tried to suppress the urge to shout and control his anger.

“Disciple, your words are too harsh!”

Chung Myung smirked.

“Even though the disciple is considered a benefactor to our North Sea, daring to insult the North Sea Ice Palace like this! If it wasn’t the disciple who said it, we would have never remained silent!”

Hearing the voice filled with anger, Chung Myung tilted his head slightly.

“What will you do if you don’t hold back?”

“What can you possibly accomplish?”

Chung Myung stared at the elder with cold, unyielding eyes.

The body of Yo Sa-Heon flinched, and it appeared that he was attempting to suppress his anger. However, Chung Myung completely disregarded his reaction and addressed Seol So-Baek.

“Are you also aware of the circumstances?”

Seol So-Baek gazed at Chung Myung with a perplexed expression, indicating that he was clueless about the situation.

In the end, Chung Myung couldn’t contain his laughter.

“It seems you are nothing more than a puppet.”

Seol So-Baek started bowing his head, and Chung Myung gestured with his hand.

“Don’t drop your shoulders. Well, it’s not your fault. The fault lies with those people. The problem is with those who remain silent about the North Sea’s real condition and pretend to praise the Lord and everything.”

Han Yi-Myung frowned at this.

“Your words are too harsh, disciple.”

“People here lack imagination, I see. Is that all you can say?”

Chung Myung retorted sharply.

Han Yi-Myung sighed and said,

“We weren’t trying to hide it. The only thing we didn’t want was to cause worry for the Lord, who is still young. If you put it that way…”

Chung Myung decisively cut the words short.

“What can he even decide if he knows nothing?”

“Or is it like that? You people make the decision, and the Lord just nods his head, is that it?”

“… Look now, disciple.”

Chung Myung chuckled.

“Well, it is good. That’s for you to do yourselves since I am here to get to know the Lord. I just need to talk, so get out of here.”

Chung Myung turned his head and looked at Baek Cheon.

Baek Cheon stepped forward with a calm look. He seemed to understand what he was supposed to do without an explanation.

He bowed to Seol So-Baek.

“Greetings, ruler of the North Sea Ice Palace. I, Baek Cheon, Second Class Disciple of Mount Hua, deliver a humble request on their behalf. I implore you not to deny the plea of a weary traveler who has journeyed from far away.”

Seol So-Baek was taken aback by the unexpectedly respectful request and exchanged glances with Han Yi-Myung. Han Yi-Myung clenched his teeth, his expression tense.

If this was the situation, it would pose some difficulties.

Right now, Baek Cheon stated that he was representing Mount Hua in a meeting with the Lord of Ice Palace. Should the request be granted, no one aside from the Lord would be allowed to speak in their conversation.

‘However, if we were to decline, it would appear as though we are disregarding Mount Hua.’

Just a few days ago, he wouldn’t have given any thought to this group known as Mount Hua. But circumstances have changed. Who in the North Sea would dare to overlook Mount Hua?

Even the previous Lord wouldn’t be capable of such a feat.

“… you must accept.”

Upon hearing Han Yi-Myung’s words, Seol So-Baek nodded.

Despite his response, Baek Cheon remained tense, still holding his head down. Seol So-Baek understood what he expected from him.

“As the Ice Palace’s Lord… I accept the people of Mount Hua.”

Baek Cheon finally released his bowing stance and stood upright.

Han Yi-Myung and Yo Sa-Heon groaned unknowingly.

Baek Cheon, standing proudly, maintained a straight face as he sensed the emotions of Chung Myung and those on the opposing side.

“I request the Lord’s presence.”

“It has to be ‘My Lord’ and not just ‘Lord’! You are merely a Second-class disciple of Mount Hua. Address him properly.”

His voice brimmed with pride and dignity, fitting for an elder of Ice Palace, but Baek Cheon didn’t even flinch.

“I am not here as a second-class disciple of Mount Hua but as their representative. So understand why I am not showing excessive respect.”

“What kind of sect allows a second-class disciple to represent the entire sect? Isn’t that an arrogant thing to do!?”

But Baek Cheon responded calmly.

Yo Sa-Heon, who was rendered speechless, closed his mouth.

“Mount Hua isn’t governed by a sect hierarchy. These are the words of the sect leader of Mount Hua and the will of Mount Hua, so if you reject it, then you are disregarding Mount Hua.”

Even the disciples of Mount Hua agreed with this notion as if his words were true. Eventually, Yo Sa-Heon bit his lip and retreated.

Baek Cheon stared directly at Seol So-Baek.

Upon hearing the soft summons, the youngster swallowed nervously.

As a young man sitting on this throne, handling Baek Cheon’s implicit force proved to be quite challenging.

But it was only natural. Baek Cheon’s prowess was second only to Chung Myung and Hae Yeon. If not for them, he would have been hailed as the best young warrior in the world.

This particular young warrior had encountered numerous battles and gained invaluable experience, further enhancing his strength. So, one could only wonder about the magnitude of his presence.

“I will now explain the current situation in the land of the North Sea. Seol Chun-Sang, the former palace Lord who killed your father, has invited the Demonic Sect to the North Sea. The Ice Palace has partnered with the Demonic Sect to govern the entire region.”

Seol So-Baek’s eyes trembled.

Even if he had lived in Kangho without knowledge, he couldn’t have been unaware of the Demonic Sect.

“The Demonic Sect was planning to resurrect the Heavenly Demon by stealing the Ice Crystals from the North Sea Ice Place. Both Mount Hua and I believe that the disappearance of the people from the North Sea is somehow connected to this.”

“…the people of the North Sea have disappeared?”

Baek Cheon’s eyes were filled with worry as he gave his response.

“According to those who heard the words of the Demonic Sect, the resurrection of the Heavenly Demon isn’t far off. Elder Yo Sa-Heon heard this. You can confirm it with him.”

Seol So-Baek secretly glanced at Yo Sa-Heon, but the elder didn’t look at him. His gaze was fixed on Baek Cheon and Chung Myung in the background.

“When the Heavenly Demon is resurrected, the North Sea will be drenched in blood. We, Mount Hua, fought on your side to prevent such a horrific occurrence.”

Baek Cheon’s eyes gleamed as he gazed at Seol So-Baek.

“So, I implore the Lord. The impending chaos that will engulf the world… No, even before that, in order to prevent the massacre that will befall the North Sea, you must lead the Ice Palace and expel the Demonic Sect lurking within the North Sea. It is a matter of utmost urgency to address.”

Baek Cheon calmly folded his arms.

“Please, make a wise choice.”

Seol So-Baek appeared visibly shocked, his trembling eyes seeking confirmation from Han Yi-Myung and Yo Sa-Heon. However, the two averted their gaze, refusing to meet his eyes. Yo Sa-Heon was the first to break the silence.

“I will speak to the lord.”

Yo Sa-Heon declared assertively.

Without waiting for Seol So-Baek’s consent, Yo Sa-Heon spoke further.

“It is indeed true that the Demonic sect harbors malevolent intentions, and they are located in the North Sea.”

The young boy’s eyes widened in astonishment.

“And it is true that they colluded with Seol Chun-Sang to overthrow the previous palace Lord and plunder the North Sea.”

Yo Sa-Heon’s voice rose.

“The North Sea can’t handle the burden of fighting them right now! If we go to war with them, the North Sea won’t be able to handle the damage.”

“But… aren’t they hurting the people of the North Sea?”

Yo Sa-Heon looked at his Palace Lord with cold eyes and said,

“Judge the decision calmly.”

“I sympathize with the injured residents, and my heart is with them, but if the Ice Palace collapses, many more will suffer.”

“The Demonic Sect is too powerful for the North Sea to handle alone!”

Yo Sa-Heon’s voice echoed sharply in the room.

“I also desire to fight back, but if you react emotionally without acknowledging the reality and the extensive history of the North Sea Ice Palace, it may come to an end. You must adopt a practical approach and protect this land until the Central Plains sends reinforcements.”

Baek Cheon furrowed his brow at the dialogue between the two.

“The elder has already heard the Demonic Sect’s plans, just like us. And you still wish to proceed in this manner?”

“The Revival of the Heavenly Demon?”

“How can a dead man come back to life!”

His voice echoed through the air, and then he let out a sigh. Speaking with a softer tone, he continued to speak,

“We cannot rely on such ridiculous claims and put the fate of the North Sea at stake. If you wish to eradicate the Demonic Sect, venture to the Central Plains and gather reinforcements. Until then, the North Sea will risk their lives to fend off their attacks.”

Baek Cheon smiled and averted his gaze.

“What is the Lord’s opinion?”

Seol So-Baek observed Baek Cheon’s smiling face and then glanced at Han Yi-Myung. It appeared that Han Yi-Myung’s words held more significance for him compared to Yo Sa-Heon’s.

And Han Yi-Myung, who had been silent until then, stated,

“The situation is far from enjoyable.”

He directed his gaze towards Baek Cheon and added,

“The disciples of Mount Hua should refrain from pressuring the palace Lord excessively. Can we explore alternative solutions through discussion?”

Baek Cheon’s smile broadened as he expressed,

“I inquired about the lord’s opinion on this matter.”

Seol So-Baek’s body jolted upon hearing that. His gaze roamed aimlessly.

Seol So-Baek shifted his attention to the two elders and voiced,

“… comprehended your message, but currently, the North Sea is incapable of dealing with it… Thus, individuals from the Mount Hua sect should travel to the Central Plains and recruit assistance to halt them.”

A brief silence ensued, and Baek Cheon’s smile grew wider.

“I comprehend the Lord’s words and will make an effort to accomplish that.”

There was a slight smile that left his face as he took a deep breath.

“Mount Hua will return to the Central Plains.”

“Your wounds aren’t even healed, why…”

“We’re going back, as Elder Yo requested, to report the situation to Shaolin and gather people to stop the Demonic Sect.”

Yo Sa-Heon nodded in response.

“I appreciate that.”

“Then, let us pay our respects.”

He softened his expression as if anger had never touched him and halted Baek Cheon in his tracks.

“Why the rush? It would be better if we could care for all of you better. If you head to the Central Plains, how long will it take for you to return?”

With a puzzled expression, Yo Sa-Heon tilted his head. Baek Cheon’s smile faded.

“I will never set foot in the North Sea again. This is our declaration as Mount Hua.”

The smile on Yo Sa-Heon’s face vanished instantly. He was so shocked that he asked,

“… What do you mean by that? Shouldn’t you people be leading the reinforcements from the Central Plains?”

“Why should we do that?”

Baek Cheon stared at him with icy eyes.

“My disciples were injured.”

“We shed blood and got injured for the people of the North Sea, who have nothing to do with us. When we found out that the Demonic Sect was plotting the resurrection of the Heavenly Demon, the best option given to us was to abandon the North Sea and return to the Central Plains to gather our forces. But!”

With icy fury, he continued.

“That idiot could not do that. That is why. You say my words are harsh, but in reality, it is because he could see the North Sea people dying. That guy is like that. His words and actions have always been so different.”

His face filled with anger like never before.

“He shed blood and fought for the private affairs of this land, which had nothing to do with him. And the North Sea Ice Palace refused to shed a drop of blood on its own.”

“Look, here, disciple!”

“Maybe he no longer desires to engage in combat. That guy has that particular disposition. However, let’s see.”

Yo Sa-Heon attempted to interject, but Baek Cheon spoke first.

“As the esteemed disciple of Mount Hua and the representative of the Sect leader, I cannot tolerate this. If you decline and we return to the Central Plains, even if the entire region takes action, Mount Hua will not shed blood for those who do not appreciate it.”

The countenances of all the disciples grew icy.

“It is a bit late today, so we will leave tomorrow. Don’t worry. We will do what we must once we head to the Central Plains. I hope the Ice Palace has a time of glory.”

Baek Cheon turned as he said it.

Chung Myung sighed. This wasn’t what he wanted, either. And when Baek Cheon saw that, his face couldn’t calm down.

“… I may be your sasuk now, but I am acting as the representative of the sect leader. If you have even a shred of respect for me as your sasuk and for the authority of the sect leader, then obey my command immediately.”

That was the moment Chung Myung fell silent.

The other disciples looked coldly at the elder and Han Yi-Myung as they walked away without remorse. In the weighty silence, only the sound of footsteps echoed.

Eventually, as they all left the throne room, Seol So-Baek, who appeared lost, glanced at Han Yi-Myung with a perplexed expression.

Han Yi-Myung let out a heavy sigh, the sound resonating throughout the room.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.