Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Seol So-Baek trembled like a tree in a strong wind.

His eyes were dizzy, and his lungs gasped for breath.

His heart pounded wildly as if it would burst out of his chest. His soul felt as if it was being crushed under the feet of the bloodthirsty demons from the Demonic Sect.

It felt as if his body was falling into an endless abyss.

Desperately, he tried to understand why the warriors of the Ice Palace fled and collapsed.

At that moment, a small hand touched his shoulder. He shivered and looked up, turning to see Tang Soso standing with a stiff face next to him.

“Lord, do not worry.”

Seol So-Baek was not sure.

They were the same humans. Even if Tang Soso was stronger than him, as long as they were humans, there was no way they wouldn’t be afraid of such beasts.

But how was she not trembling?

It wasn’t even Tang Soso.

The Demonic Sect couldn’t be stopped by the Ice Palace, even with ten times the number. In fact, they were close to being unstoppable.

If Seol So-Baek and his warriors had been forced to retreat after giving it their all, he would have held his head high. But instead, his warriors didn’t even engage the demons in battle and started to flee.

They gave up on fighting and even displayed a sight that a warrior shouldn’t show.

The disciples of Mount Hua in front of him stood their ground, unyielding despite being outnumbered by the Demonic Sect.

What sets them apart?

What was the decisive factor that led to this outcome?

Seol So-Baek’s legs trembled. He felt an urge to flee immediately, but he couldn’t.

‘I must witness this.’

He needed to witness what distinguished them.

Black hands clashed with a white sword. There was a screeching sound as the two collided.

Baek Cheon moistened his lips.

His sword skillfully blocked the enemy’s attack. However, as the number of clashes increased, it became more challenging.

The killing intent emanating from the demon made his skin tingle. In an instant, it caused his hair to stand on end.

He experienced two sensations.

The strength of the opponent wasn’t what he had anticipated. Although they were still formidable, they weren’t as overwhelming as he had imagined when witnessing the carnage below.

‘Dealing with them is more challenging than I had originally believed.’

Martial arts did not define everything.

It was a phrase he had heard countless times, but once he confronted the Demonic Sect, he truly understood its meaning.

It was challenging to deal with someone who was insane and immediately moved with a mere desire to kill the opponent without any regard for their own life.

Moreover, their movements were not systematic but chaotic, which made him feel uncertain. Every time his sword clashed with their claws, both his physical and mental strength dwindled.

He refused to be pushed around.

Stepping forward, Baek Cheon forcefully pushed his opponent away. As he created distance, he unleashed the formidable Twenty-four Movement Plum Blossom Sword Technique.

The air filled with the sight of plum blossoms blooming and dancing, causing the demons’ eyes to be tainted with blood. The constant chanting ceased, replaced by a screeching voice.

The demons charged into the midst of the swirling plum blossoms.

The qi from the long growing nails ripped apart the blooming plum blossoms in the air, like a monstrous bird slashing the flowers from the tree.

The blossoms shattered before they could even flutter.

Hae Yeon’s intense energy swept away the demon’s body.

He was forcefully hit as if struck by a massive bell and thrown back, coughing blood.

The demon who was sent flying turned over and pierced the floor with his nails.

The floor ended up cracked, but the demon managed to narrowly regain his footing without falling off the edge. Blood poured from his eyes, nose, and mouth as he raised his head. It was clear that he didn’t make a sound despite being injured.

“… The Second Coming of the Heavenly Demon.”

He opened his mouth, blood flowing down, and uttered the same mantra. Blood oozed from his body, his face expressionless. And as the mad chant continued, the disciples of Mount Hua became lost in it. It was due to that eerie presence.

Each time the demon drew closer, the sound of dragging feet grew louder, and Baek Cheon’s eyes trembled.

Right then, Jo Gul’s resolute voice came from behind.

“Sasuk, let’s retreat if it’s difficult!”

Baek Cheon suddenly snapped out of his thoughts and gritted his teeth.

“I’m just watching, you bastard!”

His voice grew stronger, and his heart raced.

He bent his knees, which had become stiff from tension and stabilized his stance. He calmed his shoulders and his rapidly beating heart.

Those countless words had been ingrained in him unknowingly. However, he would forget whenever he entered the real world and become out of sync.

‘Think and think, again and again.’

No matter who the opponent was, he should stay focused and composed.

Baek Cheon’s sword, the tip slightly swaying, found its perfect stillness. Undoubtedly, the opponent was formidable and unusual. However, that should not hinder Baek Cheon from giving his all.

There were sajils behind him, observing his every move. They must have recognized the immense weight he carried.

“Don’t complain now.”

Baek Cheon’s eyes regained their steadiness, and unknowingly, he felt a sense of tranquility.

Wasn’t there someone in charge of leading Mount Hua who could handle more than just a few rocks? How could he claim to lead Mount Hua if he couldn’t even handle this crisis and save face?

The demons who breached the Ice Palace defenses were advancing steadily.

Now, there were six.

“It doesn’t matter if it’s six or ten!”

“No one will get through!”

As Baek Cheon’s sword moved with resolution, vivid plum blossoms were drawn out, followed by Yu Yiseol’s plum blossoms.

The scene resembled Mount Hua in spring.

The demons weren’t mere spectators. With every swing of their hands, black claws infused with devilish qi tore the plum blossoms down. Like ghosts in the darkness, this eerie black qi destroyed everything in its path.

But there was no reason to retreat just because they were being pushed.

Because of the fallen petals, plum blossoms bloomed again and again.

The Twenty-four Movement Plum Blossom Sword Technique reached its peak as Baek Cheon and Yu Yiseol’s swords unleashed a full bloom of attacks, risking everything.

The front was completely covered with plum blossoms.

The shocked demons exclaimed aloud. However, their surprise was not overwhelming. The attacking plum blossoms swayed before instantly striking.

The demons, their eyes shining, charged ahead into the plum forest as black qi erupted from their bodies.

The flying plum sword pierced their bodies, but the demons continued to rush forward with even greater force. Unable to block the sword qi petals, they opted to charge ahead, protecting their heads and the core of their bodies.

The plum blossom swords continued to pierce their limbs and thighs, yet the demons showed no signs of slowing down.

“The second coming of the Heavenly Demon!”

Finally, a demon pierced the plum forest with its body and swung both hands at Baek Cheon’s head, blood dripping from their mouth.

However, Baek Cheon’s sword first struck the demon’s chest, causing them to step back.

But the demon persisted. Despite the sword sinking deeper into their chest, they continued to advance, blood still dripping from their mouth.

Baek Cheon no longer felt flustered by this. However, just because he wasn’t panicking, it didn’t make it any easier for him to handle. He swiftly stepped back, attempting to draw his sword.

But then, at that very moment…

The demon tightened its chest muscles and trapped Baek Cheon’s sword. The cold steel blade repeatedly dug into the wound, yet there was not a trace of pain in its eye.

Baek Cheon’s eyes widened in shock.

And seizing the opportunity created by that opening, the other demons leaped over Baek Cheon’s head.

Yu Yiseol and Hae Yeon were occupied with their own fights, so they couldn’t intervene.

Hae Yeon loudly expressed his disapproval and struck the intruder, but the attack proved ineffective. No matter how skilled Hae Yeon was, he couldn’t handle this many enemies at once.

Even the demons themselves were willing to make sacrifices.

Based on that, the demons managed to break into the camp of Mount Hua by sacrificing a few of their own.

Yu Yiseol gritted her teeth and swiftly threw her sword, aiming for the gap displayed by her opponent.

Although amazing, her swift and formidable sword had half its force diminished as her opponent showed no signs of slowing down despite the wound.

With Yu Yiseol’s sword embedded in their shoulder, the demon swung its claws, leaving three distinct lines on the side of its neck. Thick blood soon gushed out.

However, she ignored the wound and lowered her sword.

In that moment of hesitation, Yu Yiseol’s foot became stuck in the demon’s abdomen. After kicking her opponent to the ground, she used the recoil to regain her balance.

Her sword arched towards the ceiling, its blade gleaming in the air. Plum blossoms stretched out behind her, reaching the backs of the enemies who dared to challenge Baek Cheon, Jo Gul, and Yoon Jong.

The blossoms sliced through flesh, revealing bone with every strike. Yet, their power didn’t waver.

“Just who the hell are these bastards?”

With the high ground directly in front, it was Jo Gul who faced the oncoming demons first.

“Do they think I am here for decoration?”

Jo Gul’s sword stabbed the demon, dazzling in its speed. The demon, taken aback by the unexpected attack, didn’t seem to care and continued moving.

The demon groaned, sounding like a howling beast, and waved its hand. Qi surged from its claws, tearing at Jo Gul’s body.

But this time, Jo Gul’s sword was faster by one step. Jo Gul mercilessly pierced the demon’s chest and stomach, rolling his body as he pulled out his sword.

Simultaneously, the floor beneath him was deeply gouged. Five deep scars were enough to sever heads.

Jo Gul groaned as he barely evaded it. Unable to avoid it completely, he turned and took the hit on his back.

Blood trickled down his long, bent back.

“Don’t worry, sahyung! I refuse to die!”

Jo Gul grimaced. Yoon Jong examined the wound, bit his lip, and nodded. They both directed their attention to Chung Myung simultaneously.

Chung Myung, seated cross-legged, continued his cultivation with a serene expression, seemingly unperturbed by the circumstances.

“Ah, this despicable fool.”

Jo Gul and Yoon Jong muttered under their breaths as they tightened their grip on their swords, watching the demon move.

“You mustn’t lay a hand on him!”

“We’ll stop him even if it costs us our lives!”

Even in the midst of chaos, the demons emerged one by one from the wall.

Stopping them all at once with their strength alone was impossible. But that didn’t matter.

“Even if it’s just for a moment!”

The demon’s black claws clashed with Jo Gul’s sword. Jo Gul, unable to match their strength, recoiled with blood spilling from his wound.

Blood spurted from Jo Gul’s mouth, and he shouted before he could even wipe it away.

Yoon Jong shifted his sword technique to cover a larger area, simultaneously blocking Jo Gul’s opponents.

A labored breath escaped their lips.

As he fought from the rear, he clearly saw the battle unfolding before him.

Hae Yeon was fending off those who entered the place with his punches. They would have been overwhelmed if he hadn’t blocked the entrance like this.

Baek Cheon was also facing difficulties.

The person at the center, who wielded a sword, appeared to have already sustained significant injuries. Blood stains covered his robes.

Confirming Chung Myung to be behind him, Jo Gul momentarily thrust his sword into the ground and twisted his body. This allowed him to avoid colliding with Chung Myung, but he was unable to protect himself as he was slammed into the wall.

However, Jo Gul didn’t give an inch, and, as if clinging onto anything he could, he made sure not to expose Chung Myung to any enemies, even if it meant pushing himself to the limit.

Yoon Jong clenched his teeth.

Beside Baek Cheon, Yu Yiseol cut down the enemy with a cold gaze, her clothes tainted with blood from her neck.

Everyone fought valiantly, but…

They were gradually being pushed back,

These mad bastards were highly skilled.

Aware that they were protecting Chung Myung, the demons relentlessly focused solely on Chung Myung. Watching it all unfold, Baek Cheon’s strength waned, leaving him with a sense of desperation.

Yoon Jong’s sword, which was dealing with two demons simultaneously, was pushed back as he couldn’t overcome their force.

The demons’ hands pierced through Yoon Jong’s chest.

Jo Gul’s desperate shout pierced the ears, but Yoon Jong clicked his tongue in response.

Why was he making such a fuss about mere flesh being torn?

The wounds Chung Myung suffered while dealing with the Ten Thousand People Clan were even more severe than Un Geom’s.

Yoon Jong, unlike his usual self, shouted and shook his sword.

In that instant, a sharp dagger with blue qi flew towards the demon from Tang Soso.

The demon quickly waved his hand, deflecting it. And Yoon Jong didn’t miss the opportunity.

Yoon Jong conjured plum blossoms that covered the demons, and not wanting to miss this chance, Jo Gul rushed in and added a fierce sword technique on top of it.

‘With this, they should be pushed…’

Yoon Jong witnessed a peculiar scene.

The plum forest created by the two disciples only covered a black object that gradually emerged.

What was truly strange was that this black hand was only visible to Yoon Jong.

It wasn’t that the hand was moving slowly. However, the plum blossom sword energy of Jo Gul appeared sluggish. Even his sasuk, sago, and the demons, which were further away, seemed to be moving slowly.

The hand approached his neck, but he couldn’t make his body move despite his attempts.

The demon’s hand was just about to touch his neck.

Yoon Jong involuntarily closed his eyes.

A massive explosion erupted, flinging Yoon Jong backward.

Instantly, he was thrown to the ground, landing on his butt with a shocked expression.

‘What just happened?’

He touched his neck, expecting to find holes, but there were none.

Instead, the demon who had been aiming for his throat was forcefully thrown back, resembling a lump of blood.

Confused, Yoon Jong remained seated as he heard a deep voice.

Yoon Jong turned around, his face expressionless.

Chung Myung, who had risen from his spot, observed them.

Instantly, Yoon Jong felt his life drain away.

Chung Myung cracked his neck to the side, smiling in the creepiest way possible as he addressed them.

“Do not even entertain the thought of leaving here alive.”

Chung Myung’s eyes were filled with a strong desire to kill.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.