Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The tale of the Ice Palace’s triumph over the Demonic Sect swiftly swept across the North Sea.

“So you’re saying those individuals in black robes belonged to the Demonic Sect?”

“You weren’t aware?”

“What could someone as foolish as you possibly know? Then again, does the older sibling know?”

“Even though it was hushed, didn’t the rumors circulate? In any case, this time, the son of the former lord of the Ice Palace guided the people and vanquished the Demonic Sect.”

“Hmm. So there will no longer be any sudden disappearances of people.”

“Yes, exactly! And that also means there won’t be any more monsters.”

“I-is this really going to happen?”

“Tsk, tsk. Did this man truly live his life being deceived?”

The elderly man clicked his tongue and proceeded with his conversation.

“Those who entered the Ice Palace witnessed and confirmed the damage firsthand. It appears that the palace has once again suffered severe damage. Besides the increasing number of casualties, are there also large quantities of medicines and herbs being brought into the Ice Palace now?”

“That’s what I said.”

“Thankfully so. It is indeed true.”

Those who heard the news were thrilled that their lives would change. Now, they didn’t have to stay in the house and be afraid of being caught.

“When the lord changes, the world changes.”

“Isn’t it said that he is the former lord’s son? If you think about it, life wasn’t bad during the reign of the former lord.”

“It is the law that no one is left alone under the arm of power.”

While people were praising Seol So-Baek with their mouths, the expression of the old man leading the conversation in the center subtly changed.

“That… from what I heard, it wasn’t the palace lord who led them all, but the people of the Central Plains.”

“Aren’t they the ones? The strangers who went to inform the chief of Joga village about the disease and its causes.”

“Ah! Those Central Plains people!”

Everyone who had gathered clapped their hands, saying it aloud.

Didn’t a rumor about strangers giving a cure for a mysterious disease spread in the North Sea recently?

Thanks to the village chief, who spread the cure, many of those suffering from the disease managed to recover.

“I heard that they led the Ice Palace warriors and fought against the Demonic Sect.”

“No way. Does that even make sense? How could they do it all?”

“Uhuh, could it be something created? Are these the words spoken by the Ice Palace warriors?”

Everyone who had snorted laughed openly, their mouths wide open. The warriors said it, so they had to believe it.

“I heard it. Was it Mount Hua? That… umm. Anyway, I heard it was a Taoist sect in the Central Plains.”

“Isn’t it one of the Nine Great Sects?”

Everyone who was talking exchanged glances. There was no way they could disbelieve it, but it was a story that seemed unbelievable.

“If that’s true, I’ll be eternally grateful to those people.”

The warm wind blowing over the North Sea began to thaw not only the Ice Palace but also the lives of the people living there.

The disciple from Mount Hua saved the Ice Palace and the North Sea, earning them the highest honor as guests and the privilege of enjoying the pleasure.

It must have been like that, right?

“…Ah. Right, bring me some ice. I need it so badly that I might as well die.”

“Gul, go and fetch me some bandages…”

Impatient, Jo Gul tossed the bandage onto the ground.

“No, who gets pampered like this on the third day! I’m a patient, too! A patient! Can’t you see the bandage?”

Baek Cheon, lying corpse-like on his bed, raised his head slightly. His long hair peeked out from the bandage wrapped around his head.

“Then should I move?”

Jo Gul trembled as he saw the wide, red eyes behind the bandages.

“No… that’s not what I meant… but I’m sick too.”

“But you can walk, right?”

“So, Soso can do it too! Soso’s legs are fine, too!”

“Isn’t Soso in the physician’s lounge now? Would you like to go run errands there?”

That was the moment.

Yoon Jong, who was lying on the bed next to Baek Cheon like a corpse, struggled to get up as if he were walking out of hell.

“Before I decide to snap your neck… bring me some ice.”

“Both of my cheeks hurt so badly that I might die from the pain, you bastard.”

Observing him grind his teeth, Jo Gul simply shrugged. Since he had committed the crime, he couldn’t even make an excuse now.

He fell silent and then gradually shifted as he muttered to himself.

“I wish my legs were broken too. Why did… my legs have to be fine?”

“No! It’s my legs! I’m talking about my legs!”

On the brink of madness and wanting to punish Jo Gul, Yoon Jong grasped his waist and collapsed helplessly.

He lay on his back, gazing up at the ceiling with wide eyes.

“I think I’m dying…”

“Thank god. I can’t even put into words how much pain I’m feeling right now.”

The consequences of the battle manifested after it was over. Injuries that could have proved fatal to ordinary people. They were accustomed to pain, but enduring such wounds was far from easy.

“Damn it, you demon flower…”

Baek Cheon raised his arm and noticed the dark spots visible through the bandages.

The wounds inflicted by demonic qi were continuously decaying his body. The demon flower, which appeared wherever he was injured, served as evidence. Due to this, his internal qi, meant to heal his body, was instead combating the effects of this demon flower.

Naturally, the recovery process was slow.

At that moment, Hae Yeon, lying in the corner bed, struggled to sit up and uttered through a grimace of pain,

“… it’s not just about the physical pain.”

“Monk, it’s alr… puaaah!”

Baek Cheon and Yoon Jong, catching sight of Hae Yeon, instinctively averted their gazes to the opposite side despite their own discomfort. The injuries were taking their toll, but it didn’t dampen their laughter.

Baek Cheon and Yoon Jong held onto their stomachs, trembling with laughter and groaning in pain.

“Ahoo, this is insane, the head! Ugh.”

Perhaps it was because… Hae Yeon’s shiny head was now dotted with black spots resembling flowers.

‘I shouldn’t laugh here!’

‘I’m going to die, I swear.’

Despite knowing they should focus on their own pain, their emotions were getting the better of them.

“…what is it, disciples?”

“N-No, nothing, monk.”

Baek Cheon managed to suppress his laughter and calm himself down before looking at the ceiling.

‘A war is terrible.’

To be honest, he didn’t want to go through it again. The Demonic Sect was one thing, but thinking about that high priest made him go numb.

He was lucky to even be able to lie down and groan like this…

“Sago! Give this a try. It’s a special paste that works wonders on swollen wounds! I just made it. Don’t move. I’ll apply it for you.”

Baek Cheon turned his head and saw Tang Soso carefully removing the bandage from Yu Yiseol’s face and generously applying the paste. Her touch was gentle, as if afraid that any sudden movement might cause harm.

“Is that medicine for swelling?”

“Then give me a little bit too…”

Soso retrieved another cup of the salve from her sleeve and tossed it to Baek Cheon.

“Take this. It will help.”

Baek Cheon clenched his eyes shut, battling against the tears welling up.

‘Despite everything, I am still the great sahyung…’

These wretches treated the great sahyung as if he were dirt beneath their feet. He hadn’t anticipated it turning out this way, but now…

‘No, it’s all because of that scoundrel.’

Baek Cheon, struggling with thoughts of Chung Myung, lifted his head and addressed Tang Soso.

“Is Chung Myung still not improving?”

Tang Soso’s face turned grim.

“His injuries are serious, and to be honest, it’s a miracle he’s still alive.”

“For now, the initial aid has been given, but the internal wounds are too severe…”

Baek Cheon let out a small sigh.

However, unlike them, Chung Myung didn’t regain consciousness quickly. He remained asleep for three days, even after being brought into the Ice Palace.

Due to his severe injuries, they couldn’t share a room with him, so he was kept in isolation.

“Isn’t this going to be a problem?”

“…it won’t. After all, it’s not just anyone but our sahyung.”

Baek Cheon nodded slowly in agreement.

“Right, that’s true.”

The closed door suddenly burst open, but Yoon Jong didn’t even turn his head, reacting swiftly.

“You idiot, how long does it take to get ice? It’s just ice!”

Yoon Jong, about to answer back, straightened his body and looked toward the door. Wrapped in bandages all over his body, Chung Myung tilted his head to the side.

“You’ve grown, Sahyung. Now you’re making me run errands.”

“W-when did you come?”

And why was he feeling fine? Just why!

“Ice? Right, Ice is nice. I will give it to you.”

“C-chung Myung! That’s not it. I thought it was Jo Gul!”

“… that annoys me even more.”

… Uh. He deserved it. Ah, he must have heard it.

Chung Myung walked to the window and opened it. Then, a huge chunk of ice from the frozen wall was cut down, and he threw it at Yoon Jong.

“Ah, sahyung! There you go, ice!”

“D-don’t throw! Ackkk!”

After receiving the ice, Yoon Jong sprawled on the bed, screaming as if his wounds had reopened. Chung Myung clicked his tongue in disapproval.

“Are you still moaning about that? Pathetic and bothersome! In my era, I wouldn’t care even if I had multiple knives lodged in my body! It would’ve been preferable if you were simply covered in dirt!”

“… that’s because you’re a beggar.”

“Dong Ryong, be silent.”

Chung Myung scowled and ripped the bandages off his body.

“Ah, who ties the bandages up like this? It’s uncomfortable.”

“Ah, it isn’t fully healed…!”

Tang Soso, who was trying to dissuade him, opened her mouth in shock when she saw Chung Myung’s body.

His entire body, which had been horribly wounded and split, was now completely fresh.

She wasn’t an official physician, but she had seen numerous injured people. So she couldn’t understand this.

“Ugh, those bastards!”

At that moment, Baek Cheon jumped up and stood.

“Are you feeling better now?”

Baek Cheon, who got off the bed, stumbled and approached Chung Myung.

Chung Myung tilted his head.

Surprisingly, it was not only Baek Cheon. The other disciples also silently got up and approached Chung Myung.

“Huh? What’s going on?”

Baek Cheon smiled at Chung Myung, who was wide-eyed.

“You’re all better now, but the rest of us are still injured?”

“No matter how much I think, it seems like it’s because your qi is purer.”

“So I was thinking.”

Baek Cheon spoke up.

“It means that we will recover sooner if we have a bit of the pure qi.”

“… right. What are you even saying…”

Those eyes filled with madness.

“Give it, that pure qi.”

“Don’t drop it. A drop. Just one drop is all. One drop for one person!”

“Give up, or you will witness the end right here.”

Chung Myung stared at his sahyungs with a blank expression.

They hadn’t discussed it beforehand, but as soon as Baek Cheon made a move, he noticed the others quickly blocking his path. In an instant, he felt a surge of emotions.

But why were they doing this here?

“… When did Jo Gul sahyung arrive?”

“Then does sahyung know what this is about?”

“No, I have no idea, but I thought we tackled everything together.”

Chung Myung turned his head and looked through the open window, from which the light from the sky poured in.

Sect leader sahyung.

The children have all grown up.

In a very… different manner…

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.