Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Kuaaaaak! This is goodddd!”

Han Yi-Myung’s face drained of color as he watched in disbelief.

‘What kind of drunkard…’

The alcoholic drink that only the upper-ranked people drank, even within the Ice Palace. Even the previous Palace Lord only drank it from a specially-made cup.

But now, this Taoist in front of him was gulping it down right from the bottle.

“Yaaah, this homemade alcohol is the best! One more bottle!”

“Taoist, I have it right here!”

But it was Seol So-Baek who stood and served the drink, not Chung Myung.

‘Where did his authority as the Palace Lord disappear to…?’

Thankfully, there were no other Ice Palace members present.

“Kuak. This alcohol is delicious.”

As they observed Chung Myung finish one bottle after another, the fundamental question arose: was this man truly a Taoist?

Although, it was not too late to consider that.

And next to Chung Myung was a pure white fur tearing into the meat.

[Is this all for me?]

Chung Myung’s eyes widened in fear, but he soon nodded.

“Right, well… you did well this time.”

Hearing those words, Baek Ah stood up and pushed out her belly.

“Right, eat it, eat now.”

The two of them, no, a man and a beast, devoured the alcohol and the meat.

At that moment, Jo Gul, who was seated next to Han Yi-Myung, turned to Baek Cheon and asked.

“That bastard is still recovering. Is it alright to drink like that?”

“He seems to be doing better than I thought.”

“No, even if he feels better, he will die.”

What kind of conversation was this?

Han Yi-Myung shook his shocked face.

‘I don’t know anything at all.’

His stomach hurt as he watched Chung Myung, and his mind felt blurry listening to the disciples of Mount Hua.

Finally, Chung Myung set the bottle aside and opened something. It was a booklet containing the list of assets under the Ice Palace.

Han Yi-Myung unknowingly shut his eyes tightly.

It was satisfying to witness Seol So-Baek scold and bully the elders in order to obtain this list.

-I want you to write down every single detail, leaving nothing behind! Do you understand?

‘This must be my karma.’

Seol So-Baek used to be a good-natured kid who would listen to everything, but now that he had become the Palace Lord, he had become someone who would do whatever it took to get things done in the palace.

It wasn’t known just how much Han Yi-Myung would have to handle because of this…

“Kuaak. I have been investigating everything.”

“Good. Did the Palace Lord do it all? That’s nice.”

“Thank you, Taoist!”

It was such a dark world.

And the darkness started to smudge his foot, but in Han Yi-Myung’s eyes, the dark soot could only be Chung Myung.

This wasn’t just about avoiding getting his foot stained with soot. It was as if he was drawing out his soul and drowning him in the river. How else could this longing be explained?

Whether or not Han Yi-Myung understood, Chung Myung was already engrossed in the booklet in his hands. But with each page turned, Chung Myung’s expression grew sadder.

“Address him as the Lord of the palace! You vulgar fool!”

“You are shaming the martial sects and their disciples!”

“I told you not to call me Dong Ryong!”

“No, Sasuk, he didn’t.”

Regardless of what the other person was saying, Chung Myung couldn’t hear anything. He gazed at Seol So-Baek with a sorrowful expression.

“What did you all even eat and survive on?”

“… Never mind. I shouldn’t say that.”

Chung Myung let out a sigh and placed the booklet on the table.

‘This is a list of property not for one person but for one sect.’

This was no different from the state of Mount Hua upon his arrival. Actually, it was even more chaotic than Mount Hua, considering the number of people this palace had to accommodate.

Upon reflection, it was only logical. After all, what opportunities for profit exist in this barren, icy land?

In the past, they would have made money and supplied grains by trading with the Central Plains, using what the North Sea could acquire. However, even that was disrupted when trade with the Central Plains was halted, causing their finances to decline.

Everything has a price in this world.

Considering what Chung Myung did to the North Sea, it was as if the entire root of the North Sea Ice Palace was yanked out. The problem was, the boy’s palace didn’t even have roots for its pillars, and the walls barely holding up the ceiling were about to crumble.

Chung Myung glanced through the book in a dazed manner.

“… twelve carts. 30 sledge dogs. And… 50 dogs?”

“They’re quite renowned ones.”

Chung Myung’s words lacked any life.

No matter how much he tried to shake it off, all that came out was dust. In fact, he felt the need to give something in return.

‘How am I going to handle this from now on?’

Chung Myung’s compassionate eyes observed Seol So-Baek.

Hyun Jong had endured many difficult days and held a deep attachment to Mount Hua. That was why he managed to persevere. But this kid was different. How could a child handle such dire financial circumstances?

When he considered what Seol So-Baek would have to face in the future, tears welled up in his eyes.

“Huh? You won’t find anything you like in there?”

“No… well, it’s not that. I have enough now.”

“Let me check and make sure nothing is missing there.”

Chung Myung waved his hand, feeling a cold sweat forming. The disciples of Mount Hua looked at him puzzled.

“What’s wrong with him, sasuk?”

“Well, isn’t that because it’s not enough, and he wants something bigger?”

“Ah… that might be true. I thought he stopped eating it because he was concerned about the Ice Palace.”

“Hahaha. That’s the funniest joke I’ve heard in years.”

No… what was up with those bastards?

Chung Myung felt his anger rise.

“Ugh. I shouldn’t speak.”

Chung Myung shook his head and glanced at Han Yi-Myung, who was sitting across from Seol So-Baek.

“Mister, no, commander.”

“So what will you do?”

“I am not sure what you mean?”

“What are you even eating to survive now? It looks like everyone is starving to death.”

Han YI-Myung had a bitter smile as what Chung Myung said wasn’t wrong.

For Seol So-Baek, even if he looked at the list, he wouldn’t find anything odd. But in the eyes of those who managed the Ice Palace in the past, he could see the horrifying and horrible finances of the Ice Palace clearly.

“I was actually considering it. I never imagined the former lord had ruined the palace like this…”

The Ice Palace was more than just a sect.

The Ice Palace was a sect that represented the North Sea and a region under their control. Therefore, the Ice Palace was responsible not only for their own existence but also for the well-being of the people in the North Sea.

The people of the North Sea suffered from hunger due to the violence of the Demonic Sect and Seol Chun-Sang. Even if they survived the winter, it was inevitable that they would soon run out of food.

Han Yi-Myung pondered over this and remarked,

“The people of the North Sea have great expectations for the new palace. However, if we fail to address the food problem, it won’t be long before things turn for the worse.”

“Absolutely. Right now, ensuring our livelihood is the top priority.”

“That is what I am saying….”

When Han Yi-Myung looked at Chung Myung, he said,

“I want to end the suspended trade between the Central Plains and the North Sea.”

Chung Myung nodded. That was the best approach.

“But what do you have to sell? Looking here, you have nothing to offer.”

“… that is the biggest issue….”

Han Yi-Myung sighed as if he were on the brink of death.

‘Seol Chun-Sang seems like someone who had no thoughts.’

The position of Palace Lord wasn’t solely about martial arts prowess, especially in the Ice Palace. Those who lacked an understanding of finances could not become the Ice Palace Lord.

Was it because of this reason that Seol Chun-Sang couldn’t become the Palace Lord despite being more skilled in martial arts than the previous Palace Lord?

“…which is why I have a favor to ask.”

Han Yi-Myung took a deep breath and continued,

“I feel bad, but could we borrow some grains from Mount Hua?”

Chung Myung’s dull eyes lit up as if he had spotted something.

“At the moment, our warehouse is empty, so we don’t have anything to offer. However, once the ice crystals arrive, we will have a fresh supply, and we can trade the specialties of the North Sea to repay the debt quickly.”

“So… if you lend us food for a year, we will repay you as quickly as possible.”

Han Yi-Myung lowered his head as he spoke.

Mount Hua had already granted them great benefits, so asking to borrow food felt shameless.

However, the Ice Palace had no one to rely on except Mount Hua. Trade with the Central Plains had been suspended, existing trade routes were blocked, and no new allies had been made.

Han Yi-Myung, anxiously awaiting the answer, heard Chung Myung’s voice.

“Ehh. That won’t work.”

Han Yi-Myung sighed with a bitter expression and felt the need to apologize. However, he then heard something even more absurd.

“Why won’t we lend it? And how much does it even cost? Of course, we’ll just give it to you!”

Han Yi-Myung’s mind raced at this.

“I will just give it to you. After all, we have enough grains.”

“If it’s enough food to feed the Ice Palace for a whole year, then the quantity must be substantial…”

It was far from being small. The amount would be too great.

And he just wanted to give it?

Han Yi-Myung’s eyes expressed his uncertainty, and Chung Myung shrugged.

“You may not be aware, but I have a considerable amount of money.”

“Don’t misunderstand. I have ulterior motives for this. The North Sea and Mount Hua are allies now. Isn’t that right?”

Tears welled up in Han Yi-Myung’s eyes.

He couldn’t find the words to respond, even after witnessing the poverty of the North Sea. If things continued this way, he would have to watch countless people die from starvation!

And now they were offering free nourishment to the people!

‘I completely misunderstood Taoist Chung Myung.’

Upon reflection, Chung Myung wasn’t a bad person after all.

His words and actions may have been impolite, but wasn’t it the Taoist who expelled Seol Chun-Sang and bravely confronted the Demonic Sect?

Looking at his achievements, there was no one else quite like him.

“Thank you, thank you so much, Taoist,”

Han Yi-Myung enthusiastically jumped up and bowed deeply to him.

“Ehhh! Don’t act like this!”

Chung Myung got up and raised Han Yi-Myung.

“What is so great about this! Wouldn’t it be natural for friends to help one another in times of need?”

“…right. True Taoist.”

Han Yi-Myung wiped away the tears with his sleeve.

‘I misunderstood such a nice person…’

Chung Myung smiled, placing his arm on the shoulder of Han Yi-Myung, who stood up and said,

“We’re friends, right?”

“Of course! If the Ice Palace and Mount Hua aren’t friends, who will be? The friendship between the two sects will remain unchanged.”

“Right, right, true.”

A bright smile blossomed on Chung Myung’s face.

“That… shouldn’t friends help each other?”

“But, for example, what if a friend of mine had opened a bar? How would he feel if he saw me drinking somewhere else?”

“…you would definitely feel bad…?”

“Y-yes. But why are you suddenly…”

Chung Myung smiled brightly as he brought up this topic.

“Well, it’s not a big deal because Mount Hua has a small merchant union. While we’re working, we also do some shipping. Well, I’m mainly focused on trade, which is going well…”

“I thought it would hurt my heart if a man called me his friend and then traded with another. A friend. We are friends.”

Han Yi-Myung’s face became stiff, and his cheeks began to tremble.

“Hehe. Well, isn’t it nice? You said you wanted to trade. If it’s possible, if you trade with us, it will be beneficial for both parties. It’s just annoying when others get involved and complicate things, right?”

“So… a monopoly, then?”

“No, it is harsh and bleak to have that on you. I just want to trade first. We don’t have to stick with a price, but wouldn’t it be more comfortable this way?”

The voice seemed to replay in Han Yi-Myung’s mind. He hurriedly nodded and saw Chung Myung’s eyes shine. A cold sweat ran down his spine.

“Hahaha! As expected of Commander Han! You speak the truth!”

Chung Myung patted him on the shoulder with a wide smile.

“No one can underestimate friends! I will have the food sent to you immediately.”

“What’s with that expression? Do you have a problem?”

“That… haha… no, I’m just curious.”

“So, not… monopolizing, but for how long do we exclusively trade with friends…”

“Ehh. You speak so plainly.”

Chung Myung smiled broadly at the question.

“Because friendship is eternal, as long as a life is attached to it!”

“If you betray, then you die. Simple as that.”

Han Yi-Myung considered that starving to death might actually be a better fate.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.