Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Have you packed everything?”

“You should come and see, Sasuk.”

Baek Cheon tilted his head at Yoon Jong’s timid words and made his way to the back. Eventually, he reached the front of the cart and was shocked.

There was a mountain of luggage. There were so many items that the weight made it impossible to see the massive cart they had been dragging.

“W-what is all this?”

“Gifts from the North Sea.”

“What kind of gifts did they give in such a huge…”

“Sasuk, that little Palace Lord is no joke. He really is plundering the North Sea for us.”

Baek Cheon sealed his lips.

‘This is the first time I have witnessed such an occurrence.’

All this time, there weren’t just one or two people who were confronted with the truth about Chung Myung. However, no one had gone so far as to take on Mount Hua and look after its residents, especially during their own difficult times.

“Is everything truly okay?”

From Baek Cheon’s perspective, Chung Myung could be relied upon… or rather, he was extraordinary… No. Just a sly trickster. He was just a sly trickster.

Anyway, no matter how skilled Chung Myung was as his sajil, it felt incredibly unsettling that such a promising person from the Ice Palace was being influenced by him.

“Does it seem like the Palace Lord is following Chung Myung?”

“Sasuk, even our sect leader would never be able to rival him.”

“It’s almost as if a puppy is looking at its owner.”

“This jerk! Are you calling the Palace Lord a puppy?”

“It is the truth. How do I…”

Baek Cheon scratched his head as if it hurt. Of course, he could understand it. Chung Myung had shown the North Sea many things.

To Seol So-Baek, who had no place to turn to, Chung Myung must have been like a god descending from the sky.

So, it was natural for him to believe and follow them. It was quite expected.

‘He is the devil! Palace Lord!’

How did something this terrible even happen…

“What are you doing, Sasuk?”

“Ughh… what else could I possibly be doing? Select the appropriate ones now and then return the others.”

“Nonetheless, we have obtained it, so…”

“If you don’t want to witness Chung Myung crafting another cart, return them.”

“… I will promptly return them.”

Baek Cheon shook his head and turned around.

‘What will become of the Ice Palace?’

It was Baek Cheon who was concerned about the Ice Palace overall.

“Have all the remaining preparations been completed?”

“For what reason? We simply have to go.”

Baek Cheon nodded while assessing the gathered disciples of Mount Hua. Thanks to the healing benefits of the oil, everyone was now recovering from their injuries and in the process of healing.

‘Our bodies shouldn’t pose any issues…’

Baek Cheon cleared his throat and turned to Tang Soso.

“Can we depart tomorrow?”

Tang Soso surveyed their bodies once again with hawk-like eyes. And, after a brief moment of concentration, she said,

“I don’t believe you’re all perfect yet, but I’m confident this will suffice. We can depart tomorrow.”

A collective sigh of relief escaped everyone’s lips upon hearing the encouraging news.

“I thought I would perish in this place.”

All of them wished to depart from the Ice Palace and immediately head towards Mount Hua. Not because they found the Ice Palace uncomfortable but because they had been away from Mount Hua for a prolonged period of time.

Those who had made up their minds to journey to Mount Hua a few days earlier now found themselves overwhelmed by the strength that Tang Soso possessed as she held a needle and gazed at them.

-What? Do you really believe you can overcome this cold with that? Are these people underestimating the severity of their injuries? What? Would you like me to insert this needle directly into the center of your forehead? Do you genuinely believe that would be more secure? If you get injured along the way and perish, wouldn’t it be preferable to simply die in this place? Wouldn’t it be more convenient to at least create a tomb for you?

Her words and expressions were so frightening that even Yu Yiseol broke into a cold sweat. Given the circumstances, Mount Hua ultimately needed Tang Soso’s approval to leave.

“Yoon Jong, please inform the Ice Palace that we will be departing tomorrow.”

Baek Cheon, who was about to say something, suddenly tilted his head as if puzzled.

“Where did that idiot Chung Myung go?”

Jo Gul sighed, gazing up at the ceiling. Baek Cheon turned towards him, commenting,

“I must admit, your acting skills are truly remarkable. You embody the sentiment of ‘I know, but I can’t discuss it, even if it costs me my life.’ So, please, enlighten me.”

“Well…you know, that idiot mentioned something about Seol Chun-Sang having additional secrets…something he needed to uncover…”

“While dressed in that night robe?”

Baek Cheon’s face instantly transformed, as if his soul had been yanked away.

‘Please, please exercise moderation. Chung Myung, I beg of you!’

“No, even if that jerk is shamelessly plundering the wealth of Seol Chun-Sang, no one in the Ice Palace would dare speak up! So why is he donning those dark garments once more!”

“… it puts him at ease when he wears them.”

“Who will be accountable for the torment in my heart! Just who!”

“Why would he subject himself to such…”

Baek Cheon shifted his gaze.

No matter how furious he was, he couldn’t afford to reveal to his sajils his tear-filled eyes.

“… I’d prefer him doing that than having the North Sea people discover this about him.”

“For now, ignoring the possibility of him getting caught, it seems like they would allow him to continue even if he did get caught.”

“Currently, Chung Myung is revered like the Buddha in the North Sea.”

“Ahhhh, Amitabha! What utter nonsense are you spouting!”

“No, I am not joking. It’s really like that. I don’t know if it’s because the North Sea doesn’t follow Buddha as much.”

“Amitabha! Amitabha! That demon!”

Hae Yeon, who started to feel anxious, muttered as if something that shouldn’t have happened had occurred.

“A little stomach medicine…”

“Yes. As soon as I didn’t see Chung Myung sahyung, I prepared it for you in advance. I will take care of it.”

A deep sigh escaped as Baek Cheon lifted his head and surveyed the group. His countenance held firm seriousness.

“We must address a few matters as there is no sign of Chung Myung, and our departure for Mount Hua looms close.”

“I believe he is concealing something from us.”

Baek Cheon’s statement was met with silence from the disciples. The unexpected response caught him off guard, prompting him to inquire further.

“…did everyone already know?”

“Sasuk has a tendency to think he is the smartest.”

“But once we get to know him, we discover he is also a bit uninformed. If Sasuk knows something, there is a high chance that everyone already knows it.”

Even Yu Yiseol nodded, causing Baek Cheon’s face to redden.

“Ahem, well, anyway.”

Baek Cheon cleared his throat and continued.

“You all know Chung Myung, but he is true to his word. However, if he is withholding something, it means that we have not yet gained his trust.”

Everyone there understood the type of individual Chung Myung was.

Chung Myung was someone who willingly imparted information when necessary, even if it was not requested, and refrained from sharing unnecessary details regardless of one’s pleas.

Because of this, they refrained from questioning Chung Myung about the events in the cave.

“The Demonic Sect is terrifying.”

“There is also no guarantee that we won’t encounter them again in the future. It’s possible that one day, we may have to confront the actual members of the Demonic Sect.”

Baek Cheon’s grave eyes gleamed with determination.

“That’s why it’s crucial for us to become more powerful.”

His countenance now held an even greater resolve than when he had faced off against the Demonic Sect.

“Once again, Chung Myung did most of the work. We were merely chasing after him. It’s not something to celebrate. Just taking a few steps ahead from the future. I am not satisfied with barely catching up to him!”

“I feel the same way.”

“It’s truly pathetic.”

Everyone nodded in agreement. Baek Cheon looked back at his sajils and spoke with determination.

“I won’t talk too much. The enemy is powerful, and the journey is lengthy. Let’s do our best to avoid falling too far behind.”

“I understand, sahyung.”

Baek Cheon smiled at the straightforward replies.

‘Monk, why are you nodding your head? I was only talking to my sajils…’

As Hae Yeon spoke softly, snowflakes started falling outside the window.

“Ah, it’s so cold. Why did it start snowing all of a sudden?”

Chung Myung grumbled as he sat on the roof, restraining Baek Ah, who was attempting to go back into his clothes.

“No, do you believe this place exists solely for your relaxation?”

Just because she did one good deed, did she assume she could rest?

He clicked his tongue briefly and removed the stopper from the bottle he had been carrying. Savoring the taste of alcohol, he observed the falling snow.

The potent drink warmed his insides as it slid down his throat. Its aroma filled his mouth and nostrils.

“It is truly delightful.”

The view of the North Sea from the palace’s highest point was truly amazing. When the snow fell, the sight seemed out of this world.

Chung Myung, smiling, looked at it.

“Sahyung, this is why people live for a long time.”

In his past life, he had never been here, so he couldn’t even compare it.

If it were a world without the Demonic Sect and no war, maybe he and his sahyungs, whose lives had ended prematurely, would have traveled around, exploring the world in search of such beautiful scenes.

“Since I am alive again, I get to witness this…”

He gazed upwards with a somber expression.

Sometimes, being reborn and experiencing the world all over again felt like a sin. However, his second life wasn’t any more comfortable. But weren’t the troubles and bullying that the young disciples of Mount Hua faced only possible because they were alive?

He was the one who had been given this opportunity, while the other senior martial brothers hadn’t been fortunate enough.

He picked up the bottle and took another sip, trying to wash away the toxic effects of the alcohol accumulating in his body.

‘This isn’t the time to get emotional.’

He was constantly filled with worry.

Why did this happen? Why was he the only one who got this second life, unlike his sahyungs and sajaes?

He still didn’t know the reason why, but he knew one thing for certain.

The hand clutching the bottle tightened.

It was something he continued to deny, but he could no longer do it. The failure of the plan of the high priest eventually put this anxiety inside Chung Myung.

The Heavenly Demon was alive somewhere in the world.

Just the thought of it made his body tense, and his teeth grind.

But he suppressed the rage that was surging.

‘What I need to do…’

This time, it was time to protect Mount Hua with his own hands.

“There is nothing that is certain here.”

Even if it was the Heavenly Demon, regaining his former power immediately upon coming back to life was impossible.

Maybe he was recovering his strength or perhaps he was asleep, living in someone else’s body, just like he did for several years drifting in unconsciousness.

It was unclear whether he would experience what Chung Myung went through or if he would return to the world in a different way.

But one thing was certain.

‘He will begin devouring the world once more.’

Anyone who witnessed or encountered this embodiment of pure evil and malice would undoubtedly share the same impression. The world would undoubtedly be engulfed in unspeakable horrors, with bloodshed and death at the fore.

“But not on this occasion, you bastard.”

He would not allow Mount Hua to slip from his grasp once more.

This would serve as a guarantee that the future remains unimpeded.

Grimacing, Chung Myung bowed his head and surveyed the chamber where the disciples of Mount Hua were residing.

‘Not too slow, yet not in a rush either.’

What he needed to do now was refrain from fighting with everyone and everything like he did before. His task was to risk everything to protect Mount Hua.

He was willing to do anything necessary for that purpose.

“Don’t worry, sahyung.”

Chung Myung lifted the bottle of alcohol in his hand towards the sky.

“I will definitely ensure your protection this time.”

The sky of the North Sea was adorned with falling snow.

The sect leader appeared to be smiling down at him.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.