Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

A hint of suspicion surfaced in his eyes. Hyun Jong studied the man before him closely.

The man seated across from him dipped his head in profound respect to Hyun Jong.

“Kindly address me as Im So-Byeong. I am indeed inadequate, but I am the Green Forest King.”

Hyun Jong’s glance shifted to where Baek Cheon had anxiously turned his gaze away.

In truth, if we probed the root of this predicament, the person who logically bore scrutiny was Chung Myung. However, Hyun Jong had no intention of doing so, and Baek Cheon didn’t appear to either.

“So… the Green Forest King…”

“Yes, exactly, sect leader.”

Hyun Jong’s gaze lifted to the ceiling as he chuckled at the unequivocal response that was returned.

‘Witnessing such a day…’

He could perceive a myriad of stars. Indeed, he was looking at the stars.

But no matter how much Mount Hua had changed, he never imagined that the Green Forest King would dare to invade.

Hyun Jong could only laugh at the incomprehensible emotions coursing through him.

What stunned him more than his own embarrassment was the demeanor of the man known as the Green Forest King.

‘Doesn’t he resemble a scholar in the eyes of everyone?’

And it wasn’t only about his appearance.

Every movement the man made, every word he spoke, he did with an air of authority. As the sect leader of Mount Hua, he wondered if it was permissible to harbor such thoughts. Yet, as he glanced behind him, he couldn’t help but compare his disciples to a band of outlaws.

“Who would have thought such a noble person would visit Mount Hua…”

Ideally, he should be extending compliments to their guest, using phrases such as ‘it’s an honor to have you’ or ‘we are blessed’. However, try as he might, Hyun Jong just couldn’t find the words.

What sort of leader of Mount Hua’s sect would welcome the Green Forest King?

If he misspoke, the great men of Mount Hua, who have established their reputation, may haunt his dreams and punish him.

Fortunately, Im So-Byeong was a man with a clear understanding of the circumstances. He intervened before Hyun Jong could further hesitate.

“Given my status, I was greatly apprehensive about visiting. However, being met with such humble hospitality has left me unsure of how to respond.”

“Haha, how can you say that? The world is composed of everything.”

Hyun Jong cleared his throat and offered a teacup to the man.

“This is no ordinary tea, but one crafted from the leaves of plum blossoms that bloom on Mount Hua. Please, give it a try.”

Im So-Byeong experienced the taste of the tea slowly, maintaining rigid control of his movement. Hyun Jong felt overwhelmed with emotion by the flawless movements that didn’t deviate by even an inch from traditional tea ceremonies.

‘Who really is the bandit, and who is the Taoist?’

Was it wrong for a bandit leader to not actually be a bandit?

Was it improper for a bandit to be a Taoist?

“This tea smells divine. It’s as if the very essence of Mount Hua has been captured in this cup.”

“Haha. I’ve been longing for someone to share this joy with, as there was no one around who could appreciate it. The pleasure of finding someone with such profound knowledge is beyond words. Can we put the profound discussions on hold, and may I offer you another cup?”

“You needn’t ask. Of course, I will have it. Heheheh!”

Upon seeing Hyun Jong’s flushed face, Jo Gul whispered to Yoon Jong.

“No matter what, he is a bandit leader. Can our sect’s leader really behave this way?”

“… how is that the sect leader’s fault? It is our fault for being stupid.”

Jo Gul, who had intended to defend himself, eventually dropped the topic with a shake of his head.

After pouring another cup of tea, Hyun Jong posed a query to Im So-Byeong.

“The Green Forest is known to have enemies everywhere; thus, finding a remote place like Mount Hua couldn’t have been easy. Why did you venture so far?”

“Ah, that… cough! Cough! Couuuuugh!”

Seeing Im So-Byeong’s sudden outburst of coughing, as if he might vomit, Hyun Jong was taken aback.

“I-I am… alright… yet this cough… I… I beg your pardon. I’m not feeling particularly well.”

Hyun Jong remained speechless.

Was the Green Forest King unwell?

Wasn’t that akin to suggesting that the Wudang’s sect leader did not wield a sword, or the Shaolin’s abbot did not recite religious texts?

Upon closer inspection, the man did indeed appear ill, his face pale and his body thin.

“I suffer from a disease…”

“I am okay, it’s just…cough!”

Im So-Byeong quickly covered his mouth with a handkerchief as if this was a routine he had grown accustomed to.

Hyun Jong’s eyes widened at the sight of the cloth instantly becoming stained with red. Im So-Byeong licked his lips, managing to utter the words,

“I-it’s okay. This happens… cough… cough.”

Witnessing this stirred sympathy within Hyun Jong.

“You must have endured so much, climbing the steep cliff with a body like yours.”

“I may not be able to change the body I was born into, but I can certainly strive to make a difference.”

Hyun Jong’s expression shifted as if he was regarding a person worthy of admiration.

Could this man truly not be a scholar? It was hard to fathom how such an individual could endure in an uncouth place like the Green Forest.

After a few bouts of coughing, Im So-Byeong composed himself and let out a sigh before he began to speak.

“Well, the reason I came here is…”

He cast a fleeting gaze at Chung Myung as he started to explain.

As time passed, a newfound understanding dawned on Hyun Jong, causing a surge of anger to brew within him.

“So… you are feeble, in need of treatment… and so…”

“Someone took the money and…”

“Ten thousand coins! Cough!”

“But they didn’t hand over the item…”

At this, Hyun Jong felt as if his body was faltering.

“Maintain your composure, Sect Leader!”

Standing on either side of him, Hyun Sang and Hyun Young clasped his arms and started massaging his back for reassurance.

Hyun Jong, winded, rose to his feet, his eyes gleaming. His gaze landed firmly on Chung Myung.

With an embarrassed look, Chung Myung simply chuckled, rubbing the back of his neck.

“It seems there’s been some misunderstanding.”

“Well, it might appear that way, considering the circumstances. But there were so many nuances involved…”

Hyun Jong seized the wooden stick beside him, hurling it at Chung Myung, who sprawled flat to dodge it.

His fists were already clenched as Hyun Jong shouted.

“The Disciple of Mount Hua is shamelessly scamming people? What? A bandit, you say! Unbelievable! You mean to tell me a Taoist disciple has stooped so low as to become a common bandit?”

“Well, it’s not like I was aiming to cheat, but by the time I arrived at Mount Hua, the goods were gone….”

“Even if one falls into water, they must fend for their own life!”

Hyun Jong attempted to rush towards Chung Myung but ended up caught by the shoulders by two elders.

“C-calm down, aren’t we hosting guests?”

“I’m sure Chung Myung has thought everything through!”

“Thought? About what? I’ve never known a guy who thinks that things occur this way! Have you seen it? You?”

Hyun Jong lost his nerve and immediately sat down.

“To witness such a day… a disciple of Mount Hua duping a bandit from the Green Forest. What is the world coming to…”

Hyun Young, quiet until then, scoffed.

“Well, this is the right thing. If he is a bandit, then he is bad, and if he went to cheat a bad guy, then he did a good thing!”

“You! You just shut that mouth! You!”

Hyun Jong took a deep breath, flung the wooden stick at Hyun Young with all his might, and then drew another deep breath.

“C-calm down now, sect leader.”

Upon seeing him on the brink of exploding, even Im So-Byeong, who was feeling ill, tried to dissuade him.

“I…I really have no words to say…”

Chung Myung grumbled at that time.

“Why should I apologize to him? He should be thankful I didn’t behead him.”

Hyun Jong lashed out at Chung Myung, but he couldn’t get far, with Hyun Young and Hyun Sang holding him back.

“You go around duping vulnerable people under the guise of offering help! That’s not only a disgrace to a Taoist but to humanity as a whole!”

“Hehehe. But if you scrutinize it closely, this is the Taoists’ way. I’m certain our ancestors practiced this a few times.”

“Soso! Soso! Summon her at once!”

Eventually, the chaos subsided.

“Stand upright before I snap that arm and discard it.”

Chung Myung was kneeling in the corner, arms raised, expressing his pain through groans. All the while, he voiced his complaints.

“Sect leader, I have a reputation to uphold. Punishing me in front of those mischievous young ones….”

“Why? Would you rather be disciplined in front of such children?”

“It would feel as if the punishment is excessively harsh, you see.”

Hyun Jong shot the disciples and Baek Cheon a glowering look, causing them to lower their heads in unison, avoiding his gaze.

Hyun Jong growled these words out.

“I refuse to stop! Just like you don’t cease when we demand it! I realize there’s nothing we can do!”

“But if you created chaos, you should have at least reported back to me! Are all of you really aligning with Chung Myung and choosing to remain silent? Is this what I taught you?”

Just yesterday, they were all lauded for returning from the North Sea.

Hyun Jong was concerned about what chaos they may have stirred up in the North Sea. How could he know if they stayed silent?

In the past, whenever Chung Myung caused turmoil, the others would promptly inform him…

‘Ughh. I might as well drop dead now.’

Hyun Jong released a sigh and started to apologize to Im So-Byeong.

“My sincerest apologies. I failed in guiding my disciples correctly despite taking them under my wing…”

Meanwhile, Im So-Byeong was already sweating profusely.

There was no other option, hence he had traveled this far to ask, yet who would have imagined this fearsome brute was rebuked and chastised publicly, just like a naughty child?

His martial arts level was not outstanding, but the fact that he could command Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon confirmed Hyun Jong’s worth.

“I tried to be patient, but… my affliction is spreading. No matter how much I pondered, it seemed unlikely that I would hear his summons…”

“He didn’t seem to care.”

“Did he not just use you for his purposes, then cast you aside?”

Hyun Jong’s face lit up at the whispers that seemed to drift from every corner.

Everywhere he went, this kid caused problems. Reliable as he may be, he was bound to act out, using people and then discarding them without a second thought.

Now, he had even exploited a dying man.

“I truly apologize… I’ll ensure that he hastens the preparation of the pill.”

Chung Myung shot Im So-Byeong with a sharp look.

“I’ll catch up with you later. I have something to discuss.”

“How dare you intimidate him, you insolent child!”

Chung Myung, who was upset by the outcry, sulked. Hyun Jong was already losing his patience.

Just then, Im So-Byeong began to speak, his smile uneasy.

His expression turned grave.

“My visit to Mount Hua isn’t merely for that.”

“I believe I should speak more clearly.”

Reading his expression, Hyun Jong nodded.

Im So-Byeong surveyed his surroundings. In response to his cautionary actions, Hyun Jong responded sternly as though their surroundings were oversaturated with listening ears.

“There are no secrets here at Mount Hua. If you can’t share it with everyone, we have no need to hear it.”

“… No. It’s not a significant secret. I’ll just tell you.”

Im So-Byeong paused, then spoke.

“There’s something odd about the Ten Thousand People Clan’s movements.”

At his words, a chill swept everyone’s eyes.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.