Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Words could be expressed in countless unique ways.

The interpretation of words could vary with the situation, hence the importance of careful articulation.

A certain race in this world often misconstrued even the most eloquent language.

The light in Chung Myung’s eyes intensified.

“Are you implying these youngsters are ridiculously weak?”

… did he possess some sort of verbal filter in his ears?

He surely heard the same thing, but how did he end up coming to that conclusion?

“I didn’t mean it like that…”

“The difference between those who traveled to the North Sea and the rest of us…”

“That’s exactly what I meant, too!”

“I said no, you bastard! Just because we are stronger doesn’t mean they got weaker!”

“Oh, so Sasuk says he’s pretty good? Incredible, our Dong-ryong has matured greatly. He’s even openly boasting now.”

“Ugh. My…my stomach…”

Baek Cheon gripped his stomach as he staggered backward.

‘Ah, it isn’t even like his face is white. He is just without blood.’

Yoon Jong and Jo Gul glanced at Baek Cheon with sorrowful eyes.

Chung Myung snorted, crossing his legs.

“Actually… it’s not so surprising.”

“It’s about that time.”

He began to mumble words they couldn’t decipher, resting his chin on his hand.

The others allowed him time to think, but alas, he did not seem to value the opportunity.

“What? Stop thinking in silence! Speak! Use words!”

Chung Myung’s cheeks quivered slightly in irritation. But even in his direct gaze, Jo Gul remained defiant.

Why bother explaining?

It’s not like they’d understand.

“It’s because I don’t understand either.”

Jo Gul’s brows knitted together in confusion. Despite their varying experiences, it appeared that no one could comprehend why such a vast divide had been created.

“I scrutinized their training once more, and it seemed impeccable. Truthfully, even Un Geom Sasuk isn’t the sort who’d allow them to slack off.”

“Indeed, the Sasuks have implemented nocturnal training to evade us…. but it appears to be yielding no results.”

Chung Myung spat out these words, a despondent expression on his face.

“What? Are you trying to boast about your seniority, Sahyung?”

“It isn’t like that, you brat!”

Jo Gul bellowed with visible embarrassment.

“You know as well as I do that it’s not that simple.”

A smile graced Chung Myung’s face at the grave tone of voice.

He could clearly discern why these kids, who would usually be content encouraging further training for the youth, had uttered such sentiments.

‘They are beginning to see the bigger picture.’

Until now, to them, training meant self-development. It was about developing discipline and driving oneself forward.

Everyone knew about the incidents that occurred in the North Sea Ice Palace. Yet, that knowledge alone was not enough.

The case was not different in the North Sea.

Despite having suffered greatly due to the elders, without the involvement of the North Sea Ice Palace, Chung Myung’s party would not have been able to thwart the Demonic Sect.

The Heavenly Demon might not have been resurrected, but after that, they might have needed to stay vigilant, monitoring the chaotic actions of the Demonic Sect, who were ravaging the North Sea while on the verge of running out of troops.

Alternatively, they would have to flee to the Central Plains.

Looking at the worried expressions of the youthful group, Chung Myung simply shrugged. Then Baek Cheon spoke up with a low voice.

“What do you mean, ‘the time has come’?”

“As I said, it’s time to proceed further.”

Baek Cheon’s eyes widened slightly at Chung Myung’s words.

Chung Myung gave a slight nod.

“It’s as Jo Gul sahyung said. The sahyungs haven’t done any of the intensive training we did on our way to the North Sea.”

Yoon Jong chimed in.

“I nearly broke my back pulling the cart.”

“If you’re getting tired from pulling a cart, you might as well train to be a dog or a cow! Then you’d be the world’s strongest cow!”

“There is a distinct difference for one reason. Have you all ever experienced a true battle of life and death?”

Baek Cheon asked, seemingly perplexed.

“Are we not practicing the same martial arts of Mount Hua?”

“With a mere wooden sword?”

“I have no choice but to explain. Sasuk has experienced both. If you treat a battle like a mere sword dance and repeat it a thousand times, would you gain as much as you would from an encounter with the high priest?”

“That wouldn’t be possible.”

Baek Cheon stated it as if he hadn’t given it much thought.

Those who hadn’t witnessed the chaos firsthand could never comprehend it. There was a stark contrast between conceptualizing a high priest and actually confronting one.

How could they convey that lethal intent that was literally crushing their bodies?

Baek Cheon recalled that moment, his voice heavy with emotion.

“Those who haven’t experienced it don’t understand it.”

Chung Myung nodded in agreement.

“Martial arts possess a mysterious aspect, some parts of which can’t be logically explained. No matter how often I spar with a real sword, there’s always a fundamental doubt tucked away in my heart.”

“You’re not going to kill us, are you?”

“Right…ah. Did you seriously think I would harm you?”

This man was more intimidating than the high priest.

“Hmm. So, you’re suggesting that practice wasn’t sufficient?”

Baek Cheon nodded as if he had finally comprehended.

In truth, aside from them, the disciples of Mount Hua had never experienced a real fight, much less a war.

In the martial arts tournament, all except for a few disciples from the Chung generation and Chung Myung were effortlessly defeated, not even given a chance to show their full potential. Only a small group of participants remained.

Though they did experience genuine combat during the Ten Thousand People Clan incident, it would be irrational to claim that they had become acclimated to warfare based on that event alone.

“But, does the experience of battle really make a difference?”

“It’s much like the game of Go.”

Baek Cheon regarded Chung Myung with a look of disbelief.

“When you’re training, the steps are clear. You can demonstrate your skills freely. But what happens when actual stakes are involved?”

“… the hands begin to tremble.”

“Yet, life is more precious than any stakes.”

Chung Myung stated coldly.

“Those who frequently wager on Go can drastically improve their abilities. However, it goes beyond simply being able to showcase these skills appropriately.”

Jo Gul, who had been attentively listening, questioned Yoon Jong.

“Isn’t it adequate to ascend a cliff without a rope?”

“Isn’t there usually a safety net underneath for protection?”

Jo Gul sighed and agreed with a nod.

Everyone now had a clear understanding. After experiencing actual combat, they all felt it.

“It’s definitely different.”

Chung Myung continued to speak with composure.

“This is why the martial arts sect sends warriors of moderate skill to Kangho. If training is truly effective, then those who train diligently within the sect should surpass those who wander and are reputed to be strong. But in actuality, this is not the case.”

“It is known as the Kangho-trip.”

“Yet, it’s odd… I’ve experienced difficulties before, but never felt I had made significant progress.”

“Sasuk has matured, I am telling you! Matured!”

“When you brew it with quality ingredients and let it age, it tastes better! If you use inferior components, it will spoil! Back then, Sasuk couldn’t even generate a single penny. We need to sell it!”

Jo Gul and Yoon Jong discreetly seized Baek Cheon, who was shivering.

“Calm down now, sasuk.”

“We’ve been overlooked for more than just a day or two.”

“I’m doing this because it’s not a rarity, brat!”

“Why are you angry at me…”

Jo Gul, who was hit for no reason, moped.

Baek Cheon addressed Chung Myung, saying,

“Then, to enhance everyone’s skills, we must subject them to actual combat.”

“… being in the real world has its own set of risks.”

“It’s still better than being late.”

Chung Myung lowered his voice to speak.

“If we retreat from fights out of fear, it could lead us to something we cannot avoid. When it becomes too late, our regrets will be pointless.”

Everyone present understood what this ‘unavoidable’ thing was.

To safeguard the Sahyungs and Sajaes, what would happen if the showdown with the Demonic Sect came while they were defending those within Mount Hua?

Could those who have never faced actual combat endure the fire of the Demonic Sect?

No matter how much they contemplated it, it seemed challenging.

“I will discuss this matter with the sect leader.”

Seeing Baek Cheon’s resolute face, Jo Gul clenched his fists.

“Engaging in a real battle means that all the Sasuk and Sahyungs will have to step into the Kangho, correct?”

“… Is that alright?”

Yoon Jong obviously had his concerns.

‘This isn’t something to take lightly.’

Regardless of their abilities, aren’t these the prideful Sahyung and Sajaes renowned for their superior attitudes? And if so many of these individuals join the Kagho, wouldn’t it create a significant effect?

“Even if it is real, wouldn’t they have to fight? They’ll likely start each fight?”

“Why are you so concerned? All they have to do is beat a bandit and shake them off…”

“Shh! Quiet! The Green Forest King is here. He might hear us…”

“See, he heard us… huh?”

Baek Cheon, startled, spun around. A pair of familiar eyes watched him through the small window.

Baek Cheon gave a light cough.

How should he respond to this…

“That…there is a window, so it isn’t technically eavesdropping…”

“What’s with this bandit talk? We’re just looking at the past.”

Indeed, there was no issue there.

But wasn’t it a bit too convenient to switch between a bandit and a martial artist whenever it suited him?

Im So-Byeong entered the room, shouting at Chung Myung.

“No! I was wondering where the person crafting the pill had disappeared to! What? You wish to fight bandits?”

“Hmm, can rice transform into corn merely by asserting so? It still needs to be cooked.”

“Then cook it! Cough! Cough! Cough! Ugh, m-my heart…”

Upon seeing Im So-Byeong’s face pale significantly, Baek Cheon started to shudder.

“….It doesn’t appear to be an act. Are you sure you don’t need a medical checkup?”

“No, I had a cursory look already. It seems serious.”

“Oh, is that the case?”

“Huh, it’s not quite at the third stage, but a little beyond. About three and a half now, I think?”

This man was truly despicable.

“Before his condition deteriorates further, just prepare one pill.”

“Tsk, your incessant nagging might just be the death of me.”

Chung Myung shot a glance at Im So-Byeong.

“Alright… I’ll make that pill.”

“Yes, yes! Please, do make it! How could I abandon my bandits and stay here for too long?”

“That’s precisely my point.”

“Do any unruly bandits reside nearby? Places where your rule isn’t respected, and force may be needed?”

“You impudent child!”

“How dare you address the Green Forest King with such insolence!”

“There are statements you can make and statements you can’t!”

The disciples of Mount Hua panicked, attempting to stop the outspoken youth. But to their surprise, Im So-Byeong did not react as angrily as they’d feared.

“Ah… there might be some.”

“Will you deal with them?”

Baek Cheon voiced his fear.

“Is this really alright? You’re still the Green Forest King; do you intend to attack the bandits?”

“Indeed. They are bandits, after all. The world won’t suffer just because a few of them are gone.”

Baek Cheon’s face quivered in response.

‘These lunatic bastards.’

No, why did bandits and Taoists mesh so well now? Why!

“The idea is appealing. It deals with a few vexing issues for me!”

“Isn’t it beneficial for your children to get trained?”

“No, it’s more about earning money.”

Chung Myung gave Im So-Byeong a knowing smile.

“How much would you pay?”

“I’ll offer a discount. A cheap one.”

Im So-Byeong’s complexion turned ashen.

“…You took my land and money then, not even leaving me the pill; what could I possibly offer you now?”

“The circumstances are different now. Hehe.”

Chung Myung gave a bright laugh, adding,

“Isn’t that how deals usually work?”

Im So-Byeong covered his mouth, remaining silent.

He didn’t cough this time, but blood began to trickle from his mouth.

“A-are you alright?”

“Surely, he’s not going to die like this?”

Im So-Byeong, who had stopped the blood from flowing, spoke.

“…will cure this disease. You damned people of Mount Hua.”

At those words, Im So-Byeong collapsed.

Like a patient… no, as Baek Cheon looked, he saw the man fall and begin to convulse.

“…go and call Soso.”

“And tell her to bring some stomach medicine on her way back.”

Baek Cheon felt a strange sympathy for Im So-Byeong.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.