Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Go Hong’s eyes narrowed menacingly.

Simultaneously, everyone in front of him trembled and lowered their heads.

Go Hong was known as the Crazy Blade, not because of his temper but because of his rational nature. However, when he became angry, everything changed. His anger drove him to act like a mad cow, hence the nickname, the Crazy Blade.

“Dong Woong failed?”

Go Hong stared at the messenger in silence.

Blood drained from the face of Lee Jong-Byeong, who was bowing down.

“So, even though he led the entire troop, he failed? How much damage was inflicted on the other side? What happened to that rat, Im So-Byeong?”

As Lee Jong-Byeong hesitated, Go Hong leaped up from his seat.

“If you can’t speak now, I’ll open your mouth!”

“Eek! Eek! Yes! Yes! I’ll report it. The enemy, the Mount Hua sect, apparently suffered no damage.”

Go Hong tilted his head to the side as if he couldn’t believe what he was hearing.

“So, he led an entire troop, and they were defeated, but the opponents suffered no damage?”

Go Hong laughed as if the answer was absurd.

“Are the bandits we sent weaker than we thought? Or is the Mount Hua sect much stronger than we anticipated?”

Lee Jong-Byeong quickly bowed down and responded.

“T-The Mount Hua sect is not to be underestimated. They have already proven their strength by defeating the armed forces of the Ten Thousand People clan…”

Before he could finish speaking, a loud explosion sound and dust filled the room.

Cold sweat trickled down Lee Jong-Byeong’s face. When he slowly turned his head, the spear that should have been behind the chair was right next to him.

He would have been reduced to a cleanly cut piece if it had flown just an inch to the side.

“Are you suggesting that I, who should be in the position of the Green Forest King, should be wary of those brats? A sect that isn’t even in the Nine Great Sects?”

Lee Jong-Byeong remained silent.

Although Mount Hua wasn’t one of the nine sects, it was still a sect that couldn’t be ignored. However, telling that truth to Go Hong at that moment was akin to asking for his own execution.

“H-How dare they compare themselves to our leader! That’s completely unjust!”

Lee Jong-Byeong lowered his posture to the extreme, but Go Hong remained tense.

Go Hong abruptly stood up and shouted as if his face would burst.

“Prepare everyone! I will go there myself!”

“P-Please calm down, leader!”

“Calm down? Do I appear capable of that after being treated this way? What will the other leaders think?”

It was true that other bandit groups had joined forces here to oust the Green Forest King. However, it hadn’t been decided who among them would take over the position of Green Forest King.

If they discussed it and lost their strength and power to fight, then Im So-Byeong would continue.

But now, his men had been disgraced. It was clear that everyone would consider him unfit for the position of the king.

“So you need to be even more composed! If we confront Mount Hua like this, won’t our power be unnecessarily diminished? If that happens, the others will seize the greater prize.”

“…the prize…no, what do we gain?”

“Who would be pleased if our strength diminished? We’ve already suffered enough damage, but our force will be annihilated if we expend more strength to deal with others! Those people will seize that moment and attack like wolves! Please rectify this!”

Go Hong’s face twisted.

“I would go and personally defeat Mount Hua, so why should I bear the losses?”

At this point, Lee Jong-Byeong’s face contorted horribly.

‘I am too flustered to even speak.’

If he had just a little bit of intelligence to complement his strength, he would have already become the Green Forest King.

“Im So-Byeong and the Mount Hua sect will surely target this place!

“Are you suggesting that I should just wait patiently for that to happen? Me?”

“Leader! Please consider this. Aren’t there already other camps on their way here?”

“So as they pass through, of course, their strength will be depleted. All we have to do is prey on the weakened ones.”

“You fool! What if another bandit group captures the Green Forest King while we play it safe? Isn’t that like watching a chicken on a roof?”

“Dogs don’t climb roofs, but we can, right?”

“If they capture Im So-Byeong, we can attack them and take Im So-Byeong from them. Isn’t that the law of the Green Forest?”

Go Hong also finally showed a hint of concern.

“Yes! Leader. When the other bandits fight against them, their strength weakens, and we can wipe them all out! Then, no one will be able to object to you taking the position of the Green Forest King.”

“That’s the way! Hehehe. As expected.”

Even though he received praise, Lee Jong-Byeong just sighed.

‘What on earth is going to happen to Green Forest…’

For him, who was tied to the Great Star Bandits, there was no other option than to follow Go Hong.

But if Go Hong ascended to the position of Green Forest King, it was clear what would happen. It was obvious without much thought. This was no different from the path that led the Green Forest to ruin.

‘If only Im So-Byeong was healthy.’

He would have been the perfect Green Forest King.

He felt regret, but what could he do? The Green Forest was a place where the strong ruled.

“Then, as suggested, I will restrain myself just this once. But if things don’t unfold as you said, you should prepare yourself to be thrown down this mountain in pieces!”

Amid the flurry of activity, Baek Cheon’s eyes trembled. He stared darkly at those around him.

After holding back for a moment, Baek Cheon finally spoke.

“D-do not move! We are smoothing out your clothes’ wrinkles!”

Kids. His clothes weren’t wrinkled, though?

“There’s dust here!”

“Dust it off! Shake it off!”

Baek Cheon closed his eyes tightly as he looked at the Sajaes who had been fussing over him.

“No. Chung Myung told us to make sure you looked shiny and sleek, without a single flaw.”

At that moment, Chung Myung slowly walked over and inspected Baek Cheon’s front and back again.

“Think back, Sasuk.”

“How did you feel when you saw the Southern Edge in the past?”

“Not anger, but the rest.”

Tall and clean… to be honest, they looked enviable. Chung Myung read the answer on Baek Cheon’s face and asked again.

“Do you know why that is?”

“They say things like that about Jin Geum-Ryong.”

“If the great disciple of the Southern Edge sect with the most noticeable face was messy, who would have found that appealing?”

It felt like something he had to refute as a Taoist and as a person. Still, Baek Cheon, recalling the scene Chung Myung spoke of, could not find anything to refute.

“How can people who have never held a sword in their lives know if we are amazing or just plain stupid? You must either wield a sword correctly, perform a sword dance, or look amazing! So don’t talk nonsense and stay still.”

Baek Cheon fought back tears.

It wasn’t that he didn’t understand what Chung Myung was saying.

‘But there is a time and a place for such things!’

How did it make sense to look like a flower leader when they were about to fight the Green Forest bandits, you insane idiot?

At that moment, Im So-Byeong slowly approached and clapped his hands.

“Hahahaha. You look so nice. Obviously, Taoist Baek Cheon is a man of amazing beauty, and you lack nothing.”

“Yah, you, half beggar.”

“You go to the back. No, you stay in the middle so that no one can see you.”

“To put on a face in front of others that makes me look like I’ve gained nothing. Just go away.”

Im So-Byeong, whose shoulders slumped at Chung Myung’s harsh words, burrowed into the group of Mount Hua disciples. Watching the scene, Black Night Tiger and Beon Cheong swallowed their tears.

‘Green Forest King.’

‘You are outrageous people.’

Where in the world would the Green Forest King be treated like this? Even though he was now half-disposed, he was still a person who lived as a Green Forest King.

But Chung Myung’s eyes sparked at Beon Cheong.

“Do not make a scary face that will disturb the viewers; go to the middle and bow down there.”

After taking down the ugly things, Chung Myung frowned and looked around at the remaining people.

“Do not, you bastard!”

“Don’t you have even a bit of conscience! What are you doing to Monk Hae Yeon!”

“This is wrong, this is so wrong!”

Hae Yeon’s face… no, his entire head became hot. Chung Myung looked at the shiny head with a disapproving look and nodded as if there was nothing he could do.

“T-there is nothing to do. You can stay ahead there, fine.”

“… thank you, disciple.”

Still, Hae Yeon was a monk, so he was glad that he didn’t have to hide.

Hyun Sang secretly asked Chung Myung.

“But do you have to go this far?”

“We will soon find out.”

Chung Myung looked towards the door. Just then, Yu Yiseol entered through the open door.

“It seems like everyone is here.”

Chung Myung nodded crisply and addressed everyone.

“Alright, everyone, straighten your shoulders, and let’s head out.”

“We’ll find out now. How will we be perceived in the future? Even the sahyungs should get used to this.”

However, those who hadn’t grasped the situation yet whispered with puzzled expressions.

“Let it be. It’s not like he enjoys repeating himself.”

Chung Myung clicked his tongue as if wondering what they knew. Then, he slowly walked towards the door.

“Alright then, let’s go!”

Soon, the door swung open, allowing light to pour in and revealing the scene outside. Baek Cheon, who was leading the group, was taken aback.

People were crowding the street that stretched outside the door. They were packed so densely that it felt as if they could be crushed at any moment, yet they continued to cheer and shout loudly.

“They are the heroes of Mount Hua!”

“The Mount Hua sect is going to subdue the bandits!”

Amidst the deafening roar, Chung Myung asked calmly.

Baek Cheon exhaled softly and began to move his feet. The disciples of Mount Hua followed behind him, all of them appearing shocked.

Of course, it wasn’t as if they hadn’t anticipated this.

Since they had already thwarted the bandits once, they knew that the people would certainly cheer for them. However, they hadn’t expected this kind of gathering.

The disciples of Mount Hua stepped onto the main street and headed towards the gate, walking along the road lined with people on both sides.

“Please destroy the bandits!”

“Long live the Mount Hua sect!”

Every step they took was met with cheers, support, and concern for their well-being. The disciples of Mount Hua whispered with flustered expressions.

“I-is this how it usually is?”

“I don’t know. How could I know? This is my first time experiencing this.”

“Do all other sects receive such cheers?”

At that moment, Chung Myung looked back at the whispering people and frowned.

The disciples of Mount Hua all straightened their shoulders without realizing it.

“They are applauding the sahyungs for what they did. Straighten those shoulders and accept it all with confidence. You will experience this countless times in the future.”

After hearing Chung Myung’s words, their shoulders widened and gained more strength.

There was an awkward yet confident expression. Chung Myung burst into laughter at that.

‘Of course, they are flustered.’

In the past, Mount Hua faced such things every day. As soon as the word got out that Mount Hua came to Xi’an, people flocked to them like clouds.

However, it would have been extremely unfamiliar and awkward for these kids.

‘But they need to get used to this.’

This was one of the many things Mount Hua lost.

The reputation, the fame, the strength.

Chung Myung planned to bring it all back to Mount Hua.

‘First, we go for the bandits.’

And his eyes turned to Mount Hyeong in the distance.

“It’s not enough to just get those things back.”

Make the reputation of Mount Hua resound through the entire Central Plains! More than before!

Right, sect leader sahyung?

-It’s been a while since you said the right thing.

What are you talking about? I always say the right thing.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.