Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Let’s go, you bandit!”

Upon hearing that voice, Dong Woong gazed at the mountain path before him with blurred eyes.

After all, he was a bandit by both name and profession.

Of course, it wasn’t as if this was his own territory, but he was still renowned in his domain, the mountains, so the sight of reaching a mountain usually filled him with joy.

But now, he was grappling with an intense sadness he had never experienced before in his life.

The ropes binding his body were tight.

Dong Woong, who was tied up and in the position of being led, looked extremely dejected.

Chung Myung asked bluntly, his face expressing a question about what the issue was.

And he couldn’t say anything. Because there was too much to say.

But no words seemed to make sense to this guy. Even though he had never met Chung Myung before this, he didn’t need much time to understand the kind of personality he possessed.

“What are you looking at?”

“This bandit scum, though, you should be thanking me for saving your life. It wouldn’t be enough even if you bowed to me for three full lifetimes. And you’re using your head now? What? Not comfortable with the rope? Want me to cut your arms off so you don’t have to feel bad?”

“I-I am not uncomfortable at all! It’s as comfortable as if I’ve been tied up since birth!”

Dong Woong gave the most desperate answer.

There was nothing he couldn’t do to cut this rope. But Dong Woong knew. This meant that this rope was going to end his life, too. It was clear that the moment he got the rope cut, the devil would rush to cut his head.

‘Just how did I end up in this situation…?’

He vowed that if he could survive here, he would never get close to Mount Hua for the rest of his life.

“Walking slow? Is that your way to rebel?”

“T-the path here is a bit rough. I’m afraid someone might fall behind if we go too fast…”

“I-I wasn’t belittling the people of Mount Hua…”

“No, before that. What did you say?”

“Uh? Th-the road is rough…”

Chung Myung glanced at the disciples of Mount Hua with a sorrowful expression.

Indeed, the other disciples who heard Dong Woong’s words were scratching their heads in confusion.

“So, that’s a mountain path then?”

“I yawn whenever we enter a mountain path.”

“Doesn’t that mean the path is difficult? So, will the path be rough now?”

Dong Woong’s cheeks twitched.

‘It doesn’t seem like a bluff though.’

Judging by their expressions, it seemed like they genuinely didn’t understand what he was saying.

At that moment, a realization crossed his mind.

‘T-these people really are from Mount Hua, right?’

People from the Mount Hua sect should be in Mount Hua.

The Five Mountains were famous for their roughness, even in the Central Plains. Among them, the most dangerous place was Mount Hua.

They had spent their entire life in Mount Hua, where only birds rested, so it wouldn’t be strange if Mount Hyeong seemed like a backyard to them.

‘That’s why they look like bandits!’

No matter how much he thought about it, these Taoists seemed better suited to being bandits.

“… No. I wasn’t thinking straight. I will get there as soon as possible.”

“Stop talking and start moving!”

As Dong Woong began to climb, Chung Myung clicked his tongue briefly and followed him.

“Can we trust him and go?”

Chung Myung smiled at Baek Cheon’s question.

“He doesn’t seem smart enough to use any tricks.”

“Well, he sure looks like that.”

Regardless of whether Dong Woong was crying tears of blood, the two continued their calm conversation without a care.

“And from what I heard, the main part of the bandit group is at the top, and it looks like we’ll stop by the other ones, too. So there shouldn’t be many tricks.”

“Why so? Even within the same place, would bandits with no loyalty risk their lives for bandits from another group? If they did that, then they wouldn’t have the right to be called bandits.”

“Hmm. You are right.”

Im So-Byeong cleared his throat as the bandits began to be belittled there.

“Taoist. It’s a bit embarrassing to say it out loud, but even bandits have loyalty…”

“Silence; you’ve been stabbed in the back by a subordinate and were chased out.”

When Im So-Byeong fell silent, Chung Myung clicked his tongue.

“Anyway, the bandits are trying to be everywhere. Not even knowing the topic.”

Hearing Chung Myung’s mumbling voice, the Hyun and Un disciples shook their heads simultaneously.

Now, they had to subdue the bandits of the Green Forest. Even those who were quite experienced would sweat at this task.

‘But he doesn’t seem nervous in the slightest?’

‘Still, that bastard.’

Chung Myung appeared relaxed, like someone going to buy alcohol. He wasn’t the only one.

Hyun Sang slowly tilted his head back.

He could see the disciples of Mount Hua following him with such resolute faces. They had changed significantly compared to when they first entered the place.

‘They gained confidence.’

A position makes a person, and fame raises their shoulders.

The cheers that erupted at the guesthouse encouraged the kids. Of course, everyone, including Chung Myung and his party, received those cheers at the martial arts tournament, but for most of them, wasn’t this the first time they had experienced such passionate respect?

Depending on how one thinks about it, it might be nothing, but in the end, people gained confidence, and self-confidence brought forth so many things.

Hyun Sang looked at Chung Myung.

‘He is a guy we don’t know, even if we think we do.’

A person who usually ignores all the little things and rushes only after results. In times like these, didn’t he take care of the smallest details to give confidence to the disciples?

Sometimes, a person who seemed like a child was not worthy of the childlike look he received when he showed the experience an old man should have.

It was a very positive thing that those who were able to face a real battle looked this confident.

Wasn’t it true just by looking at the disciples who didn’t give up despite the terrible enemy?

Although he didn’t know whether Chung Myung had planned it through or not.

It was always rewarding to watch the students grow. Once this was done, he would slowly step back from the front position and support them…

“Ah, move fast now! Why are you thinking so much!”

His mind was brought back to reality, all thanks to Hyun Young poking him from the back, and Hyun Sang smiled, looking at him.

‘Now, until this guy chooses to back down.’

It was obvious that the sect would be a mess! Ahhh!

Chung Myung looked back to see Hyun Sang speak with a stern look.

“I heard that if we continue like this, the Red Tiger Bandits will be the first to be encountered.”

“If we arrive there, we will have to fight right away then. What is your plan?”

Chung Myung smiled like he finally got the idea of what he was trying to relay.

“Elder. Have you heard about this thing?”

“If you get tired, burn it all down.”

“Right, I have. You are not in danger if you know your enemy and yourself!”

Hyun Sang nodded as if Chung Myung had said the right thing for the first time. It felt nice to see good words and normal words come from his mouth.

“This means that if we correctly identify the enemy and build the flame, there will be no hardships in dealing with them.”

“Right, right! Our Chung Myung is also well-versed in the art of war!”

If people studying military tactics had heard this, they would have covered their heads and laid down, but Hyun Sang was being honest.

However, the words that came next shattered their expectations entirely.

“But we don’t know our enemy.”

“What would I know about the two bandit groups? They don’t know us either, so there is nothing to know.”

Chung Myung shrugged his shoulders.

“I would make a plan if I knew the enemy, but since I don’t know, I have no plan.”

Why did it turn out like this?

“T-then you are just going to go and fight blindly without a plan?”

“There is nothing special about the plan. This means the weaker side is struggling to deal with the stronger one. We are stronger, so why make plans? Just hit them.”

What could he say? It might sound like nonsense, but if one thought about it, it seemed true too…

It seemed like there was no one in this world who could rival Chung Myung in his bluffing yet plausible words.

Still, Hyun Sang opened his mouth to try and persuade him.

“No, but there has to be some kind of solution…”

But unfortunately, there came a wooden fence that was higher than an adult man’s height in front of Hyun Sang.

“Anyone can see this as the bandits’ den.”

Chung Myung looked at the wooden fence and clapped his hands.

“Kuak. It is touching to see how they try to hold their identity even when they are using someone else’s mountain.”

Looking at the wooden fence made of thick trees, it looked like it had been made not too long ago. As soon as they arrived, the bandits made a temporary den, not knowing how long the stay would be.

Im So-Byeong, who had approached, smiled proudly, causing Chung Myung to frown. Im So-Byeong puffed out his chest and said,

“Isn’t it said that a king should be a king, a minister should be a minister, and a son should be a son? Even though we are bandits, seeing them faithful to their roles made me smile at the beauty.”

“So, the world is only beautiful when bandits act like bandits?”

“You are insane, right?”

Chung Myung clicked his tongue as if he had seen the most pathetic thing in the world and looked away.

Hyun Sang looked at Chung Myung and the bandits alternately and sighed.

They had already pushed their way to the enemy’s nose. What plan could they use here?

“Ehh. Elder, your confidence seems to have weakened. Why are you asking if I am okay or not to take down the bandits? Just beat them to a pulp.”

The other disciples also seemed to agree with those words, their faces bright. His head pounded as they watched the disciples struggling with swords in hand.

“… If anyone sees this, they will think we are here to rob them.”

In the end, he gave up and nodded.

“Everyone, be sure not to get hurt.”

Baek Cheon, who received Hyun Sang’s gaze, nodded slightly.

Baek Cheon and Chung Myung looked at each other.

“Who is in the lead?”

“Well, Sasuk can stand but…”

Chung Myung grinned, looking ahead.

“Wouldn’t it be better to get a flashy start?”

He surpassed Dong Woong, took the lead, and stood in front of the high wooden fence.

Without another thought, he kicked it open.

This roar rang out, and the shattered wooden fence flew around as if it had been hit by a tornado.

Large trees fell down, and the poorly built huts fell, too.

In response to the mysterious incident, the bandits guarding their living quarters drew their blades and pursued him.

“Now what, bandits?”

“This is divine retribution. Eliminate them all!”

The disciples of Mount Hua, each brandishing a plum blossom sword, charged at the bandits.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.