Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Wong Kang, the leader of the Red Tiger bandits, listened to the report with interest.

“So, you’re saying they ventured into the city and were defeated?”

“Yes. It didn’t seem like they were killed, though.”

“They must be either dead or imprisoned. That’s the only explanation.”

“Yes, it appears so, leader.”

“Tsk tsk. That damned beast finally did something outrageous.”

Im So-Byeong was not an easy man to deal with.

He wouldn’t have been able to control the Green Forest for such a long time if he had been. Many said he lacked strength, but Wong Kang thought differently.

‘It’s not that he lacked martial arts skills, but it’s impressive that he managed to hold the position of King for this long with his limited strength.’

Although the presence of the Ten Thousand People Clan caused discontent, if anyone other than Im So-Byeong had been in his position, they would have been dead within a month.

However, Im So-Byeong maintained his position as the Green Forest King through his actions alone. Didn’t the fact that these three rival bandits had to unite against him prove his greatness?

Since they acted openly against Im So-Byeong, it was only natural that they would face consequences.

“They paid the price for acting without thinking.”

“Does Go Hong have any plans?”

Go Hong was the opposite of Im So-Byeong.

If Im So-Byeong overcame his lack of strength with intelligence, behavior, and background, then Go Hong was someone who relied solely on his strength.

“It’s better for Im So-Byeong to hold the position than for a man like him to be the Green Forest King.”

“Hehe. Leader, how can that madman even dare to claim the position of the King? Of course, that role should go to you, leader.”

‘If you push him just right, he will fall on his own.’

People said he was putting on airs because he hadn’t yet managed to catch Im So-Byeong, but Go Hong’s patience was thin. It was clear that the moment that Im So-Byeong was secured and the position of King was freed, the urgency would be revealed.

If Wong Kang then takes the time to step up at that time and isolate Go Hong appropriately, it wouldn’t be a dream to take the position of the Green Forest King.

“But, leader, you need to be careful.”

Wong Kang frowned slightly at those words.

“Yes. Even though it was within the city, didn’t the bandit party get defeated without much effort? This means that Mount Hua’s power is greater than expected.”

“…he is like that too.”

Wong Kang scratched his chin.

It was clear that Im So-Byeong’s plan worked well, but wouldn’t a plan work if it had the minimum strength to execute it as planned?

This meant that at least Mount Hua had the strength to do it.

“But there is nothing bad about it. The stronger the enemy, the better. The main base and Mount Hua will use up each other’s strength.”

“If those people weren’t insane, they wouldn’t climb a mountain with three bandit groups placed together. And since that Go Hong bastard isn’t going to sit quietly and let himself be humiliated, we just have to wait until the Great Star Bandits cannot stand it anymore and go to fight Mount Hua down the mountain.”

Wong Kang twitched the corner of his mouth.

Whether it was the desire to become the Green Forest King or Mount Hua, which came here for the sake of useless ideas of justice, everyone looked stupid.

The moment when Wong Kang smiled with a satisfied look.

He jumped up at the ear-splitting sound that came, but the ceiling collapsed before he could turn his head.

Giant trees attacked the houses, and the entire building began to collapse.

A large wooden pillar whizzed past his face.

His eyes widened in shock.

“What nonsense is this!”

“L-leader is everything okay!?”

Instead of answering, Wong Kang gritted his teeth.

He wasn’t the type to be defeated by a mere tree, but the sudden situation tested his patience.

“What are you doing, you fools! Go and check what happened!”

His dust-covered subordinates ran outside. Wong Kang clenched his fists.

Since this couldn’t happen without reason, it meant that someone had attacked them.

He took a step forward, the most likely suspect in his mind.

As he climbed over the rubble, he saw warriors rushing in, leaping over the shattered and collapsed wooden fence.

“Leader! It’s an attack!”

Wong Kang shouted loudly, his blood boiling.

‘Could it be the Great Star Bandits?’

Initially, he thought that the treaty had been broken and the Great Star Bandits had chosen to attack them, but the uniforms of the rushing bandits were clearly different from those at the main base.

“Yes, the plum blossom pattern on their chests makes it clear!”

“T-this is madness! Why would the Mount Hua sect invade this place?”

There was no way that anyone with a shred of common sense would attack a group of over 1,500 people with just a hundred. This wasn’t a matter of numbers; even a child who had just learned to walk wouldn’t agree to this fight.

But right now, the same absurd thing was happening before his eyes.

“Why is the Mount Hua sect, which should be somewhere else, here!”

He could feel his rage building.

Did this mean that all his plans had been ruined!

“Damn it! Stop them! Smash their heads!”

Although attacked suddenly, Wong Kang wasn’t easily pushed around, so he reacted without panicking.

The Red Tiger Bandits, who received the orders, roared and rushed to confront the disciples of Mount Hua.

“Cut off their heads!”

They spat out harsh words to assert their identity. However, this wasn’t merely a display of their rage.

Those from the justice sect, who assessed others’ skills through sparring and manners before a fight, were bound to be shocked when such vicious words were thrown at them.

This momentum would overwhelm them even if they didn’t get flustered or panicked. This was a tactic they learned from their experiences dealing with the Justice sect.

Coincidentally, the people they were dealing with now were not ordinary justice faction members.

“How dare these worthless things use their mouths! I will knock them down!”

“I am going to throw them off the cliffs!”

“Let’s see if you can talk after I stick a plum branch into your mouth!”

Contrarily, the bandits who were gaining momentum flinched without even realizing it as they saw the Mount Hua disciples charging in with a more vicious look than them.

‘What? These bastards?’

‘Are they really from the justice faction?’

The Mount Hua disciples had red eyes and they instantly overwhelmed the bandits.

How could they even know?

For them, things like life and shouts were nothing more than child’s play, which they encountered every day.

Compared to Chung Myung’s viciousness and sharp sarcasm, which felt like it was digging out their stomachs with a needle, the bandit’s swearing was peaceful.

Mount Hua’s disciples overpowered them and attacked the bandits.

They rushed in with extremely violent force, scattering elaborate and splendid sword energy that didn’t match their ferocity.

The bandits’ eyes widened when they saw the flower-like sword qi rise. The sword qi, which bloomed beautifully, soon burrowed into their vulnerable parts.

The bandits cut down in an instant, fell on the spot, screaming and falling back. As the battle line collapsed instantly, the disciples of Mount Hua seized the opportunity and rushed forward with fierce force.

“The name of Mount Hua rests on our shoulders!”

“Chung Myung is watching us from behind!”

“What? No, you bastard!”

Such a strange sight.

The force looked terrifying, and the killing intent of the Forces of Evil was palpable. However, the technique that came from their swords was so clean.

The bandits were flustered. They had never seen such a strange sight.

Meanwhile, Chung Myung, who was watching the scene from behind, smiled. It seemed like the disciples of Mount Hua were in perfect control of the situation.

‘Even a dog is confident in eating the food in the yard.’

It was because they had confidence. But now, they had more than just confidence.

“If you strike first, make sure to land the final blow!”

Chung Myung raised his hand and pointed ahead.

“Go now, Sasuk! Sago! Sahyung! Break their backs!”

“Oh my! Here we go, you bastard!”

“Anyway, it’s real!”

Everyone was cursing from their mouths, but they had already moved when Chung Myung stretched out his fingers.

Baek Cheon, Yu Yiseol, Yoon Jong, and Jo Gul, who ran like lightning, jumped over the other disciples and soared into the sky.

Wong Kang was shocked.

The image of four people with no wings soaring into the air was so remarkable that it made his heart stop.

The four men simultaneously descended on the bandit’s head and slashed the air with their swords.

Soon, the plum blossoms bloomed.

The flower both bloomed and fell at the same time.

Plum blossoms, identical in their shapes and beauty, showered the bandits in a floral rain.

From a distance, it was a truly beautiful sight, but it was terrifying for the bandits in the midst of it.

The flowers relentlessly pierced their bodies.

The Mount Hua sword descended upon those who fainted without uttering a scream.

Baek Cheon, gripping his sword tightly, aimed it at the retreating bandits with a cold expression.

“Show them clearly what Mount Hua is like!”

Those at the forefront led the charge, their shouts echoing for all to hear. Everyone, led by the Five Swords of Mount Hua, swung their swords with fierce determination.

“We are the Mount Hua sect!”

Plum blossoms bloomed, even when unobserved.

Having endured the harsh winter, the plum blossoms finally revealed their radiant and gorgeous appearance to the world.

If someone were to recount this moment in the future, it would be described thus.

It was the day when Mount Hua, after enduring prolonged hardship, finally raised its old and weathered sword and began to display its might to the world.

Mount Hua was finally back.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.