Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The sound of their feet hitting the ground was akin to silk brushing against the floor.

This indicated that their bodies were so light that they exerted minimal force on the ground as they moved. Just from that sound, one could infer their strength.

Hyun Sang and Un Geom stiffened at this.

They were uncertain about how the situation would unfold, but it was clear that Mount Hua held no interest for them.

They were so different from the bandits they had dealt with until now.

Apart from their immense intimidation, the sensation of their qi felt utterly alien to them.

These warriors rushed in swiftly without any force and soared right above the bandits’ heads.

As they surged forward, they mercilessly trampled on the bandits’ heads, nearly doubling their speed.

However, what caught the Mount Hua disciples’ attention more than their flying or running was the sight of them trampling on the heads of their own allies, who fell down limp.

“Those insane bastards!”

The disciples were all enraged at this sight, their eyes aflame with anger.

However, before they could explode in anger, the swords of these warriors flew swiftly toward the shoulders of the Mount Hua disciples who were in the lead.

When they swung their swords in unison in response, a powerful gust of wind rose in all directions. This storm of internal qi swept through the surroundings as if tearing them apart.

In the midst of that wind pressure, the plum sword and the thin sword collided swiftly.

The faces of the Mount Hua disciples contorted with the impact as if their wrists would snap. The weight of the power was different from what had been delivered from the bandit’s weapons.

The disciples of Mount Hua groaned at the strength they were experiencing for the first time, but the warriors didn’t lose their composure. Instead, they held their swords down with a bizarre smile on their faces.

Gwak Hwi’s face gradually contorted. His entire body throbbed from the force of pressing down on the sword.

However, before he could even think about reason and logic, his mind was already following the teachings of Mount Hua.

‘Strength isn’t matched by strength.’

It was the moment when his grip on his sword loosened, and he was about to release his opponent’s sword.

As if it had been waiting for just this moment, the thin sword quickly slithered up Gwak Hwi’s sword like a snake.

This bizarre movement was like a poisonous snake stalking its prey. The three sword clashes cut Gwak Hwi’s wrist as if biting it.

The upper part of his wrist split open for about half an inch, and red blood poured out.

Gritting his teeth, Gwak Hwi swung his sword vigorously and struck down the sword aimed at his face.

The pain he felt in his wrist made his skin prickle.

He could feel the pain with just a couple of hits. Their swords were extremely strong and frighteningly sharp.

What about the killing intent they exuded? Just encountering it made his whole body go numb, and it felt like his heart was shrinking.

‘This is real killing.’

A life-or-death battle that involved the risk of their own lives and fighting to take the life of the opponent.

The moment he realized this fact, the sword he held felt heavy, and his vision of the battlefield began narrowing. It was like fighting while being pushed into the water.

But his opponent didn’t even give Gwak Hwi a chance to regain his calm. Before he could make up his mind, this terrifying killing intent raged from his body and sword.

Dozens of sword forms flew in at once as if they were going to attack his entire body. It was like dozens of poisonous snakes flying in at once.

Gwak Hwi’s sword moved swiftly in response, eliminating the flying sword form at once. However, each collision slowed the sword slightly, and it soon began to lag behind the speed of the thin sword.

The saber grazed his side.

It was a mere passing glance, and its depth was negligible. However, the importance lay not in the depth of the wound but in the fact that his sword couldn’t keep up with the speed of the opponent’s sword.

Soon, this sword energy, like a beam of light, broke through his defense once again and pierced his body. After stabbing him in the shoulder, he was wounded in the chest.

It wasn’t a fatal attack. He had used his internal qi for defense and managed to stop the force to an extent, along with the qi from the plum sword. But still, a wound was a wound.

As his wounds increased, Gwak Hwi’s sword became dull.

He screamed as if he was losing control and lashed out with his sword. The sword form, which scattered amazingly along with his internal qi, soon filled his vision.

The warriors pierced his sword’s defenses in one hit and flew straight toward Gwak Hwi’s heart.

Gwak Hwi’s eyes widened.

A plum sword flew in from the side and struck the saber away at that moment.

“Get yourself together!”

Gwak Hwi, who came to his senses a bit late, bit his lip.

If the sahyung next to him hadn’t helped him, the saber would have already killed him.

This realization made his hands tremble.

No matter how strong he was, he couldn’t stay calm in the face of death.

Gwak Hwi wasn’t the only one being cornered.

“Damn it, these brats are strong!”

“Hold your position! Do not step back!”

And the situation changed.

The level of the warriors was surprisingly high. It couldn’t be compared to the bandits the Mount Hua disciples had faced until now.

And the situation devolved into one where they couldn’t handle even 50 of them.

The red sword qi shot out from the tip of the saber of the warriors who leaped forward.

The sword qi aimed for the vital points of the Mount Hua disciples. Blood splattered around, and the sound of teeth gritting echoed through the battlefield.

‘Just where did these people come from….’

Go Hong’s laughter rang out, causing them to flinch.

His laughter seemed like a signal, and the warriors rushing towards them froze. Naturally, everyone turned to look at Go Hong.

Go Hong laughed as he looked at Im So-Byeong and the disciples of Mount Hua.

“You looked down on the world because you were winning.”

“And so you thought you could defeat us too, right rat?”

Im So-Byeong stiffened at his grin.

“That’s why the position of Green Forest King is too much for you. Your arrogance is your downfall. You stupid rat! Hahahaha!”

Go Hong’s laughter was so loud that the entire mountain seemed to tremble. The disciples of Mount Hua could only glare at him.

But shockingly, it was the warriors who reacted first.

“Should I say, he is more like a bandit?”

Baek Cheon’s eyes turned cold at their reaction.

Were they referring to their leader as a bandit now? Weren’t these people the subordinates of Go Hong?

‘No. Right, these people aren’t from the Green Forest.’

And Im So-Byeong’s reaction gave him confidence.

“Who on this land did you bring into this fight, you moron!”

Im So-Byeong shouted the question. His eyes were red, and his fists clenched, showing his rage.

“Isn’t this expected?”

The sound of teeth grinding could be heard again.

He had brought in Mount Hua because he was sure that Mount Hua wouldn’t devour the Green Forest. But now, Go Hong had brought people who seemed even more dangerous.

There was no way these people would do good things for Go Hong and quietly get away with it. They would definitely try to turn Go Hong into a puppet or even kill him when they had the right moment. And he would try to hold Green Forest in his hands and use it.

If that happened, Green Forest would truly be at its end.

‘Just who are they!’

Go Hong was an idiot. But he was a person who didn’t easily trust others. How many people in the world could make such a person lower his guard?

Go Hong sounded annoyed.

“There’s no good in talking to someone who is annoyed. No matter how much you wait, the result will always be the same!”

“This mountain will be your grave. What are you doing! Crush them to death!”

The warriors glanced back at Go Hong and smiled bitterly. There were no loyal answers or harsh responses. They began to put pressure on Mount Hua’s disciples, exuding lethal intent as if they would listen to his orders alone.

Their swords shone with red sword qi.

In the midst of the swirling killing intent, the bandits of the camp also had madness in their eyes and were fiercely cornering Mount Hua.

Mount Hua’s disciples groaned at this.

Hyun Sang nodded at Un Geom’s call.

‘We must not get punished by this force!’

There was no need to explain how important morale was on the battlefield. He had to somehow revive the broken morale of the disciples.

But what could he do?

But the warriors rushed at them even before Hyun Sang could organize his thoughts.

The moment when Mount Hua’s disciples gritted their teeth to fight back.

An ear-deafening sound rang out. Then, someone jumped over their heads like lightning and rushed to the warriors.

The two men ahead were shocked and looked around, but all they could see was the back of someone who had passed by them.

His blood-soaked sword scraped the ground. Everyone’s gaze was fixed on this man.

The man wielding the sword was unscathed, not a single wound on him. So, from where did the blood come?

The head of the person who turned back fell to the ground. The remaining body swayed for a second before it thudded down.

The sound of the headless body falling brought the battlefield to a standstill. Those who seemed ready to enter the battle at any moment didn’t even dare to open their mouths. They just stared at the man.

The man’s sword scraped the ground again as if he wanted everyone’s attention on him.

“These worthless fools…”

It was an incredibly calm voice, coming from someone who had just cleanly decapitated two people.

Chung Myung slowly surveyed the disciples of Mount Hua. All of the disciples under his gaze bit their lips.

No one said a word. He wasn’t glaring at them as he usually would; he was merely observing.

However, the disciples of Mount Hua felt a harsh rebuke from his gaze. ‘Are you even afraid of these people?’ he seemed to be asking.

At that moment, the warriors closest to Chung Myung gritted his teeth and charged at him like a bolt of lightning.

Simultaneously, Chung Myung’s cold gaze shifted.

His gaze was quick, and his sword was even faster. The sword swung like a flash of lightning and struck down the saber.

In an instant, the sword seemed to multiply, stabbing the upper body of the warriors. Dozens of stab wounds were inflicted on their chest, and thick red blood began to flow.

The moment the sword moved for the last time, the warrior’s head flew into the air.

The corner of Chung Myung’s mouth twisted as he swung the sword, brushing off the blood as if nothing had happened.

Everyone held their breath.

The smell of blood was potent.

The man carried a strong scent of blood that others couldn’t perceive. It left them breathless.

“I don’t know where you came from, but…”

There was anger in his eyes.

“I will make you regret stepping here.”

Chung Myung spoke through gritted teeth and attacked the warriors like a wolf stalking its prey.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.