Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The last Blood Hound went limp.

It sounded like a bell signaling the end of the battle.

The moment the man fell, the disciples of Mount Hua all took a deep breath and relaxed their shoulders.

But the tension rose with Un Geom’s voice.

“Among those who fell might be those looking for a chance to attack. Do not let your guard down. Take the weapons of the enemies and clean the battlefield!”

And only after the last warning from Un Geom did they hold the swords.

‘Such a difficult opponent.’

Most of the bandits had already fled, but the Blood Hound had fought so hard until the last one fell. If the bandits had joined forces and chosen to attack, then things would have been tough for Mount Hua.

‘It’s all thanks to him.’

Un Geom’s eyes drifted to Chung Myung.

Thanks to Chung Myung, who stepped ahead, drew attention, and broke the spirits of the bandits, the situation ended with this little damage.

“Boarding house head! Clean up is done!”

“… the poison spread…”

Un Geom nodded as he had guessed this. There were some who didn’t die but lost consciousness due to the injuries, but the poison in their bodies seemed to have spread and taken their lives.

‘Those terrible ones.’

What on earth did they think to fight after taking poison?

Un Geom took a deep breath as he spoke to Hyun Sang.

He nodded as if he knew what it was without being said. And he looked at the disciples who were still unable to get away from the scene of the battle.

‘This is a good sign.’

In previous battles, everyone would cheer when the win was confirmed. But now the faces of Mount Hua’s disciples were firm like a warrior’s.

One could rejoice in victory, but one could not rejoice in death. If there was anyone who had cheered for this horrible win, Hyun Sang would have punished them.

Fortunately, the disciples didn’t seem to forget their teachings as Taoists.

“Ahoo, damn! These bastards were so disgusting.”

Before he knew it, Chung Myung, who had been chasing the bandits and hitting them on the back of the head, returned, shaking his hands.

“I should have beaten them all to death.”

There were also people who had forgotten their duties as Taoists. Yes, there was always one.

But that was just the way it was.

Hyun Sang nodded and opened his mouth.

“Hurry and clear the battlefield and treat the wounded!”

As soon as the command was given, everyone began to move quickly. Hyun Sang, who watched the scene, suddenly looked up.

The first historic campaign of Mount Hua ended in a win without taking too much damage.

“ACKKK! ACKKKK! ACCKKK!”

“How did this one get killed?”

“Ack! Soso! It hurts! It hurts! Ah! I might die today!”

“You got stabbed in the side, and you say it hurts because I put a patch on it?”

“I-it really hurts…”

“Oh, won’t you be quiet! Should I just cut open the wound?”

While Tang Soso was looking after the injured, the Five Swords of Mount Hua felt cold sweat drop from their bodies.

‘I can never get stabbed.’

‘Isn’t that more like tying a person up with patches than just putting one on?’

‘Will the blood flow?’

But at the same time, there was a deep sense of relief in their eyes.

It wasn’t that no one was seriously injured, but no one’s life was in danger. This atmosphere wouldn’t have been possible if even one had died.

“What now, this bastard?”

Tang Soso glared at the protesting disciple.

“Are these guys all insane? Do you know that the wounds you took aren’t normal? Any normal human would have been dead already! Chung Myung sahyung gave you the pill, and that’s why you are barely alive!”

Now, it wouldn’t have been surprising if she breathed fire from her mouth and all the grumbling heads lowered.

“You had the Heavenly Violet Pill and the oil; that’s why you’re alive despite looking like a rag! Why are you talking nonsense after surviving because of someone else?”

“S-Soso. Calm down.”

“H-Hold your anger, sajae.”

“Shut up and lie down if you understand!”

Tang Soso managed to subdue them in an instant, picked up the needle longer than a person’s palm, and plunged it into the patients’ bodies.

At that time, Hyun Young, who was shriveled in the corner, couldn’t resist Un Geom’s notice and cleared his throat as he approached Tang Soso.

Everyone’s faces were horribly distorted as Tang Soso’s face and tone suddenly changed. In the noisy place, Soso rolled her eyes and spoke out loud.

Tang Soso, who had subdued him with shining eyes, smiled again and spoke to Hyun Sang.

“…r-right. How are the kids doing?”

“Some have been seriously injured, but as long as the wounds don’t worsen, I don’t think there will be any major problems. Some need to rest for several months…”

And Tang Soso shook her head as she finished her sentence.

“Everyone had so many pills and elixirs that they are recovering quickly. There are already sahyungs whose wounds are healing. Everyone should be able to wake up in about 15 days.”

Hyun Sang breathed a deep sigh of relief.

There was a time when he was a bit dissatisfied with Chung Myung pushing the pills onto the kids. This was because there was a concern that excessive internal qi, which didn’t go well with the body, would destroy the balance of the sword and internal qi.

However, when the situation unfolded like this, he felt a desire to harshly scold his past self, who had been upset by this.

What was the importance of balance? First, one needed to be alive to even contemplate balance or anything else.

“Phew. Right, then I hope you assist more.”

“Yes, elder! Don’t worry!”

Tang Soso smiled brightly and again began to work with the bandages and needles.

“Elder, it hurts so much, though…”

But Hyun Sang didn’t give them a chance, instead choosing to walk away.

Hyun Young approached him.

“Wouldn’t it be chaotic if we don’t pursue the bandits who escaped? They are such people. I think they could cause trouble again.”

Hyun Sang’s face turned stiff as he sighed.

Although all the Blood Hounds were dealt with, more than half of the Green Forest bandits had escaped. There were many whom Chung Myung chased after and knocked them down. Still, even if it was too late, it seemed impossible for Chung Myung alone to catch all the Green Forest bandits who had run away.

“It would be right to do it, but then…”

Hyun Sang, who was worried, glanced at the disciples who gathered around the injured and shook his head.

“Pursuing could cause more harm to us if we are careless. Moreover, we would have to split up to chase down all those who fled. I don’t want any more risks for us. The most important thing for me is the safety of the disciples.”

“Hmm. Sahyung is right.”

Hyun Young, who seemed to want to say something, nodded his head in agreement.

“If we did this much, won’t the problems of the Green Forest King get resolved?”

Their eyes turned to the side where Im So-Byeong was supposed to be.

“Green Forest King!”

“I believed that you would definitely save me!”

“Just how much you had to endure!”

Im So-Byeong, who had freed his supporters from the bandit prison, comforted those who were sobbing.

“Everyone worked hard.”

“No! We were so foolish not to have protected you. I thought I was lucky because you were still alive, but seeing you return safe and sound makes me feel so at ease.”

Im So-Byeong nodded with a heavy expression.

If Go Hong had killed them all, the situation would have been even more desperate. Although they were injured, it didn’t seem like Go Hong intended to kill.

‘It seems like Go Hong hadn’t completely lost his reasoning.’

These were the people who ran the Green Forest bandits and were important for managing the Green Forest. With these people rebuilding the Green Forest, things wouldn’t be too difficult.

“I know everyone is happy, but now isn’t the time for this. It’s urgent, so first, I need to know what happened while I was away.”

“I will move right away!”

Perhaps they didn’t need further explanation because they were close to him. After assessing the situation, Im So-Byeong turned around.

And Hyun Sang, along with Hyun Young, quickly approached Im So-Byeong. The Green Forest King, who had been squatting, then suddenly knelt down.

Hyun Sang was scared and quickly grabbed the man, pulling him up. But instead of getting up, Im So-Byeong fell flat on his stomach and slammed his head.

“The grace of Mount Hua is as long as the river.”

“Why are you doing this! How can such a high-ranked person do something like this!”

“I am someone who has nothing to give. Please, at least let me express my gratitude.”

It was a truly heartwarming sight.

It would have ended that way if there was no voice that intervened.

“You have nothing to give?”

Chung Myung glared at Im So-Byeong, which made him tremble.

“… No, that is what I said. Taoist Chung Myung, I don’t have many lives. Will I really take back everything after I promised?”

Chung Myung grinned and gently scratched the back of his head as if questioning when he had glared at him.

“I was worried that things had gotten over your head just because you regained your title of Green Forest King. Then, it would turn out to be quite annoying, right?”

Instead of answering that, Chung Myung pointed to Beon Chung.

“He will get anxious.”

Im So-Byeong looked at Beon Chung and then at Chung Myung.

‘If I die, that bastard is the next king.’

From his words, it felt like they would kill him and put Beon Chung in the position of Green Forest.

Of course, it was nonsense, but when had that person lived just doing common sense things?

“That will never happen! Never! There won’t be any trouble regarding it!”

“Ehh, why are you being like this? Between us, ah, trust me. You trust me, right?”

His eyes didn’t say they believed him.

Im So-Byeong stood up and sighed.

“I will inform you that the main force has collapsed, and I just declared that I am retaking the position. It normally takes about 15 days for everything to get normalized.”

“After that time, the promise will be kept.”

“Right. Then I have a lot to do…”

Chung Myung watched as Im So-Byeong walked away with his men.

The bandits also began to clean things up.

First of all, they had won. And he had experienced people who were willing to risk their lives and fight. There would have been no more valuable experience like this for the disciples.

They must have been full of doubts now, but in the end, their win would forever stay in their hearts and create confidence within.

‘Along with this, there is fame.’

The outcome of this battle would resound around the world.

For the first time since the competition, the name of Mount Hua would be talked about once again. Even this time, Mount Hua’s achievement could not be looked down upon as the victory of certain individuals.

If one considered it, they might label this as the best outcome achieved…

“Do you have any idea who those Blood Hounds might be?”

Chung Myung slightly furrowed his brow at Hyun Young’s question.

“Well, I don’t believe there are just a few people like that.”

Hyun Young nodded with a puzzled expression as if he couldn’t help but concur.

They were troublesome.

Hyun Young seemed to share Chung Myung’s sentiment. Perhaps this battle was slightly different from what Mount Hua had envisioned.

They couldn’t be certain, but it felt…

Baek Cheon signaled Chung Myung. Chung Myung tilted his head and rose.

Baek Cheon led him to a corner and spoke with a serious expression.

“This is my opinion.”

“The energy of those in the bloody robes… it felt similar to what we’ve encountered before.”

“It’s not identical, but this is just my gut feeling.”

Chung Myung quietly observed Baek Cheon with a slightly intrigued expression.

“For now, let’s consider it a speculation.”

“Because nothing is definite.”

Baek Cheon, observing the expression, quietly nodded.

“Right. I understand what you’re saying.”

The bodies of the men were now stacked up. Chung Myung stated.

“Right, it is what it is, well.”

Chung Myung’s eyes darkened as he walked away from Baek Cheon.

‘It seems like Sasuk has a sense of it.’

And Chung Myung’s lips twisted into a smile.

‘Right. No matter how much you try to conceal your identity, the scent cannot be hidden.’

His gaze drifted somewhere beyond the mountains.

It was as if he was seeing someone who couldn’t normally be seen.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.