Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Heo Sanja bit his lip tightly.

‘What on earth are these people doing!’

Promises between the sects were bound to be more important than individual ones. Then how could they be so calm when they shamelessly broke the time arranged for the spar?

He suppressed his anger and let out a short sigh.

Eventually, he calmed down his mind and looked at the elders behind Chung Myung with cold eyes while completely ignoring the child.

“If it is Mount Hua, it is a sect that was in ruins but was once a prestigious one. I didn’t expect you people to take an appointment time this lightly.”

A look of humility sparked on the face of Hyun Sang at those words. But Hyun Young, who was next to him, was calm, and he stepped ahead to answer.

“Forgive me for coming late.”

“But there is one thing I would like to correct here.”

“… What do you mean?”

“Mount Hua is not a sect which was once called prestigious, it is prestigious even now.”

“I hope you remember that.”

Heo Sanja felt a sense of awkwardness at this retort and simply laughed.

It was true that Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon at the lead was a problem, but the ones behind him weren’t much different.

‘They don’t know any shame!’

Despite their position as Taoists, Heo Sanja’s stomach boiled.

‘This is no battlefield.’

Could he act enraged then? There was no need to work hard if he was going to be like that. If he set up a suitable drama stage and toured this around the Central Plains, it would be famous, and even the Emperor might get invited.

How could so many outstanding and unique actors be gathered in one place?

He didn’t know how such people managed to gather together, but he was sure of one thing. Wudang and Mount Hua were like water and oil.

After confirming that one fact, Heo Sanja said something he normally wouldn’t have cared about.

“You were late, but thank you for coming. I wondered what I would have to do if this had been canceled today.”

The voice was soft, but the meaning behind it hinted, ‘You came instead of running, huh?’.

Chung Myung, who heard it, smiled and answered on behalf of the elders.

“Who are these great people we’re going against?”

“…Little Taoist. I tried not to speak out, but it isn’t right to constantly interfere when adults are talking.”

“In Mount Hua, we’re fine. We aren’t that old-minded. These people with short histories are nitpicking one thing after another. If you want to ask something like that, you should first respect the ancestral clan.”

In an instant, Heo Sanja’s face hardened. Why did this kid have to constantly bring up this part?

Just as Heo Sanja was about to say something, Mu Jin, who was behind him, gently grabbed his sleeve.Heo Sanja, who realized his mistake in that small and light second, suppressed his anger and remained silent. The more he talked, the more he would get caught in their plan and turn into someone he wasn’t. It was best not to talk at all.

Anyone with strong pride and self-esteem wouldn’t back down from an argument with a young man, but thankfully, Heo Sanja was one who thought the sect was more important than his pride.

“Well, you don’t have to feel ashamed.”

Chung Myung smirked as he continued.

“You said this is a chance for both sects to strengthen their friendship. But looking at you being eccentric here, I would think that you are putting your pride on the line. You didn’t come here with those intentions, right?”

“Then you should smile.”

Heo Sanja, who was being stared at by Chung Myung, smiled with his eyes.

Only after calming down for a while was he able to open his eyes again. He clearly turned away from Chung Myung and turned to Hyun Sang.

“Can we start the spar now?”

“We were ready for it at any time.”

“Then there was no need to drag it any further.”

The two men bowed to each other, and as soon as they lowered their hands, Heo Sanja turned with a cold look and returned to his original position.

However, Mu Jin, who was watching behind him, didn’t follow Heo Sanja back but stood staring at Chung Myung.

“It has been a while, Taoist.”

Chung Myung pointed his finger to his face with a question mark.

Mu Jin’s face went stiff, but there was nothing condescending in the question and voice of Chung Myung.

“I am Mu Jin. We fought before.”

“Mu Jin… Mu Jin… Ah!”

Chung Myung, who thought deeply, seemed to remember something and clapped his hands.

“At that time, the first class disciple who came after beating up those second class disciples.”

“Woah! How long has it been? So nice to see you.”

When Chung Myung smiled brightly and waved his hand, Mu Jin smiled softly.

“I guess my sword then didn’t leave much of an impression on you.”

“Ah, it isn’t that. I’m not good at remembering the faces of others. And it wasn’t a situation where I could comfortably speak things out loud.”

“Well, you had a mask on too.”

Chung Myung’s eyes trembled at this.

“But how did you know it was me back then?”

“… only an idiot wouldn’t know.”

When Chung Myung looked flustered and looked back surprised, Baek Cheon and the others shook their heads.

“… did you really think they wouldn’t know?”

“He must have thought that eyes were for decoration or something.”

“Just turn your head. You are making it embarrassing for us, too.”

Chung Myung pouted as he looked at Mu Jin.

“So? Are you going to complain about what happened in the past?”

“What can I do by protesting what has already happened? In the end, there’s nothing there.”

Chung Myung had an awkward smile and nodded.

Wudang still didn’t know about the pill recipe they had obtained. If they had known that Chung Myung had discovered the pill and the recipe, they wouldn’t have been able to act as they are now.

“I just wanted to talk with you.”

As they looked at Chung Myung, Mu Jin’s eyes were extremely serious.

“If I could spar with a young Taoist in this challenge, it would be better for me, but I guess I will not be your opponent.”

“But that doesn’t mean our relationship is over. I hope you don’t lose that swift and sharp sword until the day I challenge you.”

Chung Myung smiled at the polite words that came out.

“It will be tough to follow through?”

“Just because it’s hard doesn’t mean you shouldn’t try.”

Mu Jin bowed his head and turned to walk away. Baek Cheon and the party, who were listening to this, approached Chung Myung and whispered softly.

“… If it’s Mu Jin, he’s one of the Three Swords of Wudang, right?”

“… So you fought with that man too?”

“Didn’t I tell you?”

Baek Cheon and the party were all shocked at this.

What kind of trouble was this guy stirring up by running around?

Chung Myung just nodded.

The sword of Mu Jin that he had fought before still lingered in his mind. This meant it was that impressive.

But the Mu Jin he met today was different from the one he had met back then. If the Mu Jin of the past was like a quiet pond, the Mu Jin of the present was like a water-filled lake.

“As expected, it will not be easy to see. Are you saying that Wudang is a formidable opponent at any cost?”

Chung Myung grinned and turned around.

“Okay then, now that the preparations are done. You’re ready to fight, right?”

But the response to those words wasn’t that positive.

“If you create a situation like this, who would speak out?”

“If you hadn’t fallen asleep on the roof, we would have arrived a long time ago!”

“I can’t live with this peak of embarrassment! What kind of person behaves like this! Is it even possible to be late when you are the one who accepted the invitation?”

Despite the cries that came, Chung Myung just looked blank and said.

“Why are you all paying attention to such minor details! People are occasionally late. It’s okay!”

“This is the guy who said he would kill others if they were late.”

“How can a person’s mind be so positively inclined towards themselves… surely that has to be a talent too.”

Hyun Young smiled and stopped them.

“Calm down, kids. Anyway, shouldn’t we start the spar now?”

Even though Hyun Young sighed, he was quite happy inside.

‘They have a spar against Wudang, and they still have time to argue amongst themselves.’

Was it because they were spirits, or did they have confidence in their skills? Whatever it was, the situation wasn’t that bad.

“You said ten people, right?”

Not a fight of ten but the first to win ten times gets the final victory.

Instead of fighting ten times, the first one to win ten times out of the 19 matches wins.

It was a way to better reveal the power hierarchy between the sects rather than fighting ten times.

“Going for that before an opponent is decided. I guess they are quite serious, too.”

Chung Myung grinned.

If it was the Wudang of the past, they never would have taken this approach. But seeing that this method was proposed and the force was being emitted, he could feel the malicious intent of using this chance to suppress Mount Hua.

“It’s not a bad thing.”

Baek Cheon and Un Geom approached Chung Myung, who was still smiling and asked.

“Who are you planning to send?”

“We have fewer people than they can send out, so we need to be careful about who we send.”

“The first kid to send.”

Chung Myung laughed as if he had heard such an obvious thing.

“Why are you asking like that?”

“This is the line win system. The force of the fight and our momentum are 100 times more important than in a normal spar.”

“Then doesn’t that mean it’s advantageous to completely suppress the opponent’s force from the start to make them angry?”

“Right. True. So who will you send?”

“Ah, senior sasuk too. Who among us can turn people’s minds the most when they go and win?“

Chung Myung shook his head, looking at Un Geom, who couldn’t find an answer.

“Hmm. That I am a bit worried about….”

“Eh. There is just one person.”

When Chung Myung turned his head, everyone looked where he was looking. The moment they saw this person standing, everyone ended up nodding.

“… I am sure he will make them pissed.”

“If you keep your mouth shut, you can never get it to open, but there is no way he will shut it.”

The person who actually caught their gaze tilted his head, unable to understand.

Jin Hyun stiffened his face at the words of Heo Sanja.

“I am ready, but there are other sasuks, and I am worried if it would be alright for me to go.”

“The opponent is Mount Hua. It will not be good if first-class disciples step out from the start. This gaze is already decided, and all you need to do is look your best.”

Jin Hyun nodded with a stern face.

“We have to win. It is more important to win.”

“Yes. Elder. Do not worry.”

He spoke with a resolute voice and climbed onto the stage, clutching his sword. No, he was climbing.Jump.

But someone had cheerfully jumped onto the stage and walked in a leisurely manner, making Jin Hyun frown.

‘So unlike a challenger.’

But this had to be good. If he could overcome the first one, then they would dominate the spar.

It was the moment when he was about to step onto the stage.

The Wudang disciples who wanted to support him all looked at the stage.

“This is so boring. We have to fight properly.”

The Mount Hua swordsman, with impressively curly hair, looked at Jin Hyun with sullen eyes and then suddenly turned to Mu Jin.

“You seem to be famous as the Three Swords of Wudang, but since I happen to also be one of Mount Hua’s Five Swords, let us have a spar at the same level.”

Jo Gul, one of the five swords of Mount Hua, grinned and pointed his finger at Mu Jin.

Truly idiotic actions. The faces of the Wudang disciples began to show more anger, which hadn’t been seen before.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.