Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

In the end, curses began to flow from the mouths of Wudang disciples who had endured it repeatedly. This was not common for them, who, unlike Mount Hua, followed the rules of Taoism.

But anyone who watched what was happening could not blame the Wudang disciples.

As one of Wudang’s Three Swords, it was certain that he would take over the position of the first sword of Wudang in the future.

He had heard the name before.

A member of Mount Hua’s Five Swords, who gained fame from the tournament.

However, although the Wudang Three Swords and Mount Hua’s Five Swords might seem similar initially, their weight was different.

Mount Hua’s Jo Gul, who was just a third-class disciple, how dare he challenge the first-class disciple of Wudang? He was also challenging Mu Jin, who was counted first among the first-class disciples.

All the Wudang disciples boiled over, unable to hide their anger. And among them, the one with the most determined look was Jin Hyun.

“You have a round face.”

His eyes, which watched Jo Gul, held a coldness in them.

It was a look he had seen the Huayoung Gate’s expulsion plan and their conflict with Wudang. It was true that at that time, Jo Gul was making his stand against the Wudang disciples, but he wasn’t at the level where he could even fight against Jin Hyun as an opponent.

At least in his opinion.

But that Jo Gul was now ignoring him? No matter how great his name and fame had grown over the past few years, he couldn’t accept this from Jin Hyun’s point of view.

“So boring… of course, I am lacking, but I am someone you cannot underestimate now.”

At his words, Jo Gul smiled.

“It isn’t that I ignored you because it was you, but I am one of Mount Hua’s Five Swords, and you are… ugh… you?”

Jo Gul, who had a bright smile on his face, tilted his head.

“I’m sorry, but what is your name? I’m sure I heard it, but I can’t seem to remember it.”

Baek Cheon, who had been watching this whole situation from behind, shut his eyes tightly. Next to him was Yoon Jong, who continued to nod his head as if this was very expected of Jo Gul.

“I told him to just provoke, but he is smashing that head off with a wooden sword.”

Tang Soso also shook her head as if she couldn’t find an answer.

“As someone also from Sichuan, I am quite embarrassed.”

“… let’s just wait and see.”

Everyone’s eyes looked down from the stage, and then Baek Cheon’s voice came.

“It is the Restraint-less Sword.”

“Ah, right. Restraint-less Sword and also known as the Sword Dragon.”

To him, the Sword Dragon of the past was a star he would always look up to.

But now, it meant nothing.

The stars used to symbolize Kangho’s strongest of the future before the names of Chung Myung and Hae Yeon.

“In the past, I would have been able to find strength in the shoulders by looking at Sword Dragon, but now I am too lazy for that.”

Jin Hyun gritted his teeth at the sight of this child simply shrugging him off.

“Maybe I should break down the arrogance?”

“… No, then it will be like I am causing trouble. If this were a winning streak match, I could beat you and then face someone with a great reputation, but I only get one chance this time.”

Jin Hyun unconsciously grabbed the sword at his waist.

He was indeed defeated by the disciples of Mount Hua in the past, but he was also a promising warrior. There was no way he had to be treated like this by a third-class disciple of Mount Hua.

“Just how far will you go…”

“Ah, this might work!”

Jo Gul clapped his hands at that moment, and his eyes lit up.

“It would be alright if the elder there gives permission, but I would rather do it this way. I will fight you instead.”

When Jin Hyun asked again with a slightly suspicious look on his face, Jo Gul grinned.

“If I win, let me fight one more person. It’s alright if you don’t count the match against them as a win.”

“How dare this pathetic bastard…!”

The Wudang disciples were incensed to the point that they were going to attack Jo Gul at any moment. But it was impossible to pass by Heo Sanja, who was there.

Jin Hyun’s tightly bitten lip burst, and a thin stream of blood flowed. His fists were pale and white.

Baek Cheon covered his face with his hands at the sight of the man shaking in anger, trying to suppress it.

“Who… who told you to send that bastard out?”

Chung Myung, who insisted on sending him out, smiled awkwardly and slowly raised his hand.

“… I think he’s doing what was asked of him, though? Pretty good, too?”

“Well… anyway, the goal was achieved, right? I think the provocation worked well, though?”

Baek Cheon lifted his face from his hands and rolled his eyes.

“You told him to pour some cold water, but he’s pouring boiling water over their face. Is that good? Pretty good, too?”

A drop of sweat formed on the forehead of Chung Myung.

No, how would he know that he would do something like this?

They said that a disciple was superior to the teacher, and Chung Myung was no longer confident that he could go out there and really provoke someone like Jo Gul did. Yoon Jong, who was impatient, asked.

“Sasuk. W-will you take him down right now, too?”

“… Does that even work?”

“Of course, that is a pity, but it’s better than keeping that guy around…”

What Yoon Jong said was definitely right. But this was the spar with Wudang, and it was impossible to bring back a man sent to fight them.

Fortunately, the Wudang responded first to their concerns.

Heo Sanja burst into laughter.

“It’s always nice to see the young spirit of a swordsman.”

Heo Sanja’s eyes stared directly at Jo Gul. Despite his gentle words, his gaze was anything but friendly.

“But young Taoist, excessive confidence can lead to recklessness, and excessive courage can lead to anger. Can you stand by your words? If you aren’t careful, it could cause inconvenience for your sect, right?”

Upon hearing these threatening words, Jo Gul raised his sword sheath and placed it on his shoulder.

“A disciple of Mount Hua never utters words they cannot be accountable for, elder.”

Heo Sanja looked at him intently and nodded.

“Nice. Let’s do it then.”

“However, as you said, this spar will not be included in the results, whether you win or lose. Instead, the winner will get to compete against the next person, at their choice.”

Jo Gul grinned and waved his hand.

However, Heo Sanja didn’t even glance at Jo Gul, who was giving him a bow, and just turned to Jin Hyun.

“You know what you have to do, right?”

Jin Hyun walked away with a grim expression on his face.

Wudang’s Sword Dragon slowly climbed onto the stage and looked around. The cheers rose from those who were waiting to see the spar.

“He is the Sword Dragon, known as the most skilled among the Wudang’s second-class disciples!”

Perhaps because it was Wuhan, the land of Wudang, countless people recognized the presence of Jin Hyun. And the cheers, initially focused on Mount Hua, had now turned to the side of Jin Hyun.

Receiving the cheers, Jin Hyun quietly spoke.

“I had to follow this path because I had someone to seek retribution from. I never thought that I would be treated with contempt here.”

“Retribution? Ah, Sasuk?”

In the past, Baek Cheon had defeated Jin Hyun due to a conflict between the Mount Hua sect and Wudang.

“Retribution… that is something anyone who has spent their time well can say.”

“Are you saying I wasted my time?”

“Of course, it wasn’t a waste, but…”

Jo Gul didn’t finish his sentence and smiled.

“Words have no meaning. Please come. I will show you my sword.”

Jo Gul slowly pulled out his sword as if he had said enough.

“It doesn’t fit the theme of Taoism…”

Jin Hyun, who was about to say something, suddenly closed his mouth.

Before he drew the sword, Jo Gul was like a shell with just his mouth working. He didn’t seem a bit serious and was extremely lazy.

But Jo Gul, who had drawn his sword now, held a sharpness that slightly surprised Jin Hyun. He almost took a step back without realizing it but desperately braced himself.

Many thoughts came and went in his head.

Perhaps the man’s attitude wasn’t just arrogance, but rather a well-founded confidence…

How much time has passed since then?

Even if the man was a genius, surpassing him in just that amount of time would be impossible.

Jin Hyun let out a short breath and slowly pulled out his sword. When the Pine Pattern Ancient Sword, which symbolized the Wudang, was held in his hand, his shaking heart felt like it had calmed down.

Competing on a public stage like this with someone he had never fought before could be a burden to anyone. In cases like this, he couldn’t afford to be distracted by other people’s words or actions.

The only thing he had to believe in was himself and his sword.

Jin Hyun’s qi slowly began to coalesce.

Unlike the freedom that Mount Hua’s sword held, it felt heavy and serious. The way it spread out and flowed without obstruction held more life than anything else.

‘I have always been trying.’

He had to overcome the humiliation that never left his heart to avenge that terrible defeat.

‘Righteous Sword of Mount Hua and Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon!’

Of all these people, only two were his opponents. How could he call himself a Sword Dragon and the best in Wudang if he couldn’t even defeat one of those bastards!

The moment his decision was fully made, the sword moved.

The purplish-blue back qi flowed like water.

Wudang’s unique sword technique. Jin Hyun from the past had shown this, too. But if the sword qi back then was like a stream, then this was Jin Hyun’s sword qi, which felt like a large river.

The heavy and haughty sword qi flowed with a sense of weight.

He was able to realize just how painstaking the training this man had done was. The sword of Wudang is known to get stronger with time, but even taking that into account, the growth was surprising.

‘When did this child?’

Heo Sanja, who was watching this, had clenched his fists…

He couldn’t really understand because he mostly just focused on training in silence. When did he get this strong?

Mu Jin wasn’t the only one who became stronger from defeat. Jin Hyun, too, used his crushing defeat as a boost to grow from the hardships.

There was no need to worry about winning or losing.

That stable and heavy qi was second to none, even among the first-class disciples. It wasn’t a sword that even the Five Swords of Mount Hua could handle.

It was at that moment that Heo Sanja felt the most sure…

Jo Gul, seeing the river-like flowing sword qi, let out this short exclamation and then flew forward like a swallow.

It was forward, not behind or from the side. It seemed like an extremely reckless move, like throwing the body into a heavy rain torrent.

Heo Sanja was startled, wondering if he would see a lot of blood spill from the start. But then the most unimaginable thing happened.

Jo Gul’s very simple sword, which charged ahead and struck strongly, encountered this water-like sword qi. Jin Hyun’s sword qi, which rushed in with great force, split to the left and right of Jo Gul.

The eyes of those watching widened at this.

“N-No! It’s the start now!”

It felt like it was going to stop, but it didn’t stop. It was possible to determine the sword qi at once. It was possible to attack the sword qi next. But, it was impossible to completely block the sword qi, which flowed like an endless river.

Jin Hyun, who also knew this, swung the sword without a bit of fluster. The sword qi, which had split, rejoined and rushed towards Jo Gul with a stronger and more majestic force than before.

At that moment, Jo Gul’s lips held a faint smile.

The sword of the opponent was strong and heavy.

‘I have been sick of watching this for a while now!’

Their experiences were different and the challenges they had overcome were different. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t lose to a flower grown in protection.

This sword technique was no threat to him, who had overcome the harsh North Sea winds and Yunnan’s cold winds.

Jo Gul’s foot kicked the ground hard.

And he lightly stepped onto the flying sword qi with his feet and lifted his body up.

It was a ridiculous movement where even the slightest deviation would have cut his ankles.

However, his extremely light body and almost amazing sense of balance were enough to use this flying sword qi as a stepping stone.

Jo Gul continued to step on the sword qi and rushed ahead. It was like a salmon in the water, freely moving up a waterfall.

Jin Hyun was shocked at how he saw his sword qi being used.

He was so shocked that he couldn’t continue with his thoughts.

But he was also a Wudang disciple who had endured many hardships. Before the head could even think, his body moved and swung the sword at flying Jo Gul.

However, before the sword could fully extend, Jo Gul’s plum blossom sword occupied the location he aimed for.

While the swords clashed against each other’s blades, Jo Gul and Jin Hyun’s eyes clashed in the air.

“Take a good look now.”

Jo Gul’s sword was pulled back for a moment, and it flew straight ahead for the neck of Jin Hyun like lightning.

An incredibly fast sword.

He thought he saw a flash of white, but the blade was already touching his neck, and Jin Hyun was scared as he turned his head to the side.

His skin was slightly cut, and he felt a burning pain. But he didn’t even have the time to worry about this.

This was because the terrifying thrusts flew one after another at high speed. The plum blossom sword stretched out in an instant, creating wounds all over Jin Hyun’s body and staining his martial arts uniform red.

He had to step back in fear. His opponent’s sword wasn’t even visible.

This was a problem with martial arts. With his sight, it was impossible to notice the path of a sword moving at this ridiculous speed.

Just how, how was he supposed to deal with this?

And the moment he realized this, only one thought came to his mind.

‘Am I going to lose?’

That could not happen.

He had been training non-stop. He vowed that one day, he would bring down the Righteous Sword of Hua and Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon and restore the honors of both himself and the others who lost. It was a time when he forgot about everything and continued to only train to achieve that goal.

How could he lose to someone like this when neither Baek Cheon nor Chung Myung was his opponent?

Jin Hyun didn’t dodge the sword coming at him and moved to strike.

A willingness to stab each other despite the impossibility of victory was something that could happen in a fight.

Jo Gul’s lips twisted oddly as he saw the sword thrusting straight towards his head.

Jo Gul’s sword, which had been extended forward, was retrieved faster and struck the side of the incoming sword.

Jin Hyun’s sword, which had used all its force to stab the opponent, could not respond to the impact coming from the side. The sword, which was the swordsman’s life, slipped out of his grasp and flew away.

The Wudang’s sword spun around and around in the air. The outcome was so obvious that no one needed to watch.

Jin Hyun’s eyes lost all the focus they had held.

At that moment, Jo Gul’s foot kicked him in the chest. His body, having lost the sword, flew off the stage.

Jin Hyun flew like a kite with its strings cut, and his sasuks caught him.

Jin Hyun looked at his hand, then his chest, Jo Gul’s footprint, and the disbelief on his face.

It wouldn’t have been difficult for the guy to break his breastbone if he wanted to, but his body was left unharmed.

Which was why it was more than just a defeat.

When he looked up with shame, he saw Jo Gul’s face, smiling.

“That’s why I said you are boring.”

Jo Gul casually turned his gaze to Jin Hyun as if he was done with his task. And he pointed at Mu Jin with his sword.

“Please come up. Let’s spar once.”

The faces of the Wudang disciples contorted even more.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.