Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Heo Sanja couldn’t take his eyes off Jin Hyun, who was shocked. He couldn’t believe it.

Jin Hyun was recognized as the best among the disciples of Wudang and even earned the title of Sword Dragon. To think he was defeated by a third-class disciple of Mount Hua and not even a second-class one.

Yes, he could understand the loss.

But what really shocked Heo Sanja wasn’t that Jin Hyun was defeated, but that Jin Hyun, who was defeated, didn’t sustain any injuries.

This couldn’t be called a ‘loss’.

It was more accurate to call this ‘suppression’.

Wasn’t it common knowledge among powerful warriors that subduing them without causing them harm was several times more difficult than simply winning? But he never thought that Jin Hyun, whom he trusted, would be defeated this easily by a Mount Hua disciple.

Heo Sanja’s discipline began to waver.

‘Just how can such a thing happen?’

Of course, when a Wudang disciple was at an age where the training wasn’t deep, he wouldn’t particularly stand out compared to other sects of the same method. This was a feature of Wudang’s martial arts.

But were they of the same age and class?

That person known as Jo Gul was clearly younger than Jin Hyun, and his class was also lower. Losing to someone like that was nothing short of a disaster.

’Just what on earth… ’

“Well, there is no need to look that sad.”

Heo Sanja turned his head toward the sound, and Jo Gul spoke with a grin.

“This doesn’t count as a win.”

The face of Heo Sanja turned red, and as his anger rose, his teeth were grinding. His fist clenched so tight that his bones were crushing, and he was trembling.

It would have been better to lose proudly.

Depending on how one interpreted this, wasn’t this a spar where the win wouldn’t even be considered? That meant that it was a match too embarrassing to be even considered as a point-taking one.

Of course, it wasn’t a match that started out this way, but since things turned out this way, everyone watching had no choice but to think like that.

The second-class disciple of Wudang wasn’t even qualified to go against the third-class disciples of Mount Hua. With just one spar, the plan he drew was shattered.

Heo Sanja looked at the audience with shuddering eyes. There was no cheer or applause.

Everyone just stood there with mouths wide open. Didn’t this mean that the result of this spar would be a shock to them as well?

‘How on earth are we supposed to resolve this matter?’

It was a situation where even Heo Sanja couldn’t come up with a satisfactory answer. Even during this, Jo Gul’s mouth didn’t stop.

“I hope we can start again, quickly, too, before my body cools down.”

The faces of the Wudang disciples all contorted.

“… is that bastard doing this on purpose?”

“He is, I’m sure of it.”

“… how did he end up like that?”

“Isn’t this like seeing the face and being happy only to see a character filled with darkness and regret?”

Yoon Jong was about to add, ‘To be honest, Sasuk is no different from that these days.’ But he held back, knowing he would be glared at if he said that.

Jo Gul’s role today was to take the lead, provoke the opponent, and upset Wudang. The problem was that he was doing that a bit too well.

They sent a general to guard a border; before they knew it, he was occupying the enemy land.

It wasn’t just Wudang who was shocked at this situation.

“Jo Gul Sahyung took down Sword Dragon…”

The disciples of Mount Hua, too, blinked in shock at this.

Of course, they knew Jo Gul well enough to be confident he wouldn’t be defeated by Sword Dragon. The people who knew best how quickly Mount Hua’s Five Swords grew were the disciples of Mount Hua.

But still, they had no idea that Sword Dragon would shatter like this. Who could have even imagined this?

“… Maybe Wudang isn’t as special as we thought?”

“No, brat! Jo Gul is strong! Can the Sword Dragon be so weak?”

Baek Cheon slowly raised the corner of his lips as he watched everyone mumbling in disbelief.

‘There is no way we can be your opponents.’

When they first met at Huayoung, the difference between Jin Hyun and Jo Gul wasn’t that big. Of course, if they had fought then, the chances of Jo Gul losing would have been over 90%, but it was good enough to try.

What came next was important.

Yes, of course, he trained. Jin Hyun must have also trained like hell.

Baek Cheon was sure that no matter how hard the Wudang swordsman trained, the intensity wouldn’t have been half of what Mount Hua’s was.

‘Half? Damn it. It wouldn’t even be half of half.’

And the difference between the two wasn’t just training.

While Jin Hyun was honing himself in Wudang, Jo Gul went through life-threatening situations several times. And the people he faced each time were always stronger than him.

Would Jin Hyun have risked his life competing with armed troops of the Ten Thousand People Clan? Or would he have fought a war with the people of the North Sea Ice Palace? If not, would he have fought against the Demonic Sect? Would he have experienced with his body the horrifying fear that the high priest of the Demonic Sect instilled?

Although both were under the same kind of sect, Taoist sects, the fruits produced under the two were different. If Jin Hyun was a flower blooming beautifully in a flower bed, then Jo Gul was a weed that had grown strong in the face of harsh winds.

Even if one started with the same talent and training, the growth could not be the same because the process was different.

“Train your martial arts properly from the roots, undergo bone-crushing trials, and harden oneself in actual combat.”

This was the process Jo Gul went through.

That process made Jo Gul a lot stronger, and now, except for the five swords, the other disciples were also continuing that process.

‘Eventually, the entire Mount Hua will become more solid.’

Starting from the spar and even more so now.

“Where have the people who wanted the spar gone?”

Baek Cheon lowered his head as he looked at Jo Gul and shook his head.

It was good to be stronger…

It would have been a bit better if he hadn’t resembled Chung Myung in this aspect, though.

Jo Gul gestured triumphantly towards Wudang.

“So, who is coming now?”

Just as Heo Sanja gritted his teeth and was about to open his mouth, Mu Jin lightly stamped his foot behind him.

Although the sound of the footsteps wasn’t very loud, it was enough to awaken the consciousness of the enraged disciples of the Wudang sect.

Heo Sanja nodded heavily.

Compared to Mu Jin, he had a more rash personality, so it wasn’t easy for him to lose his composure. Mu Jin only had to take care of his own affairs, but Heo Sanja had to handle the aftermath of this, so he had no choice but to do so.

The more people flocked together, the narrower their visions became, and the more urgent their minds turned. Mu Jin fully understood this.

Mu Jin looked up at Jo Gul with a cold and stern face.

“The atmosphere is done. If we don’t get it right the next time, those watching will think that Mount Hua has almost caught up with Wudang.”

In his head, he expressed it as Mount Hua surpassing Wudang, but he couldn’t say that in front of Heo Sanja.

Heo Sanja nodded with a somewhat sullen expression.

Right, something needed to change the atmosphere.

The result was important when it came to winning, but the process was equally important.

A divine victory achieved after a fierce fight with the enemy and a landslide victory with nothing lost could not be said to be the same result.

Mu Jin was like the first of the first-class disciples of Wudang. Would it really be fitting for such a person to fight against a third-class disciple of Mount Hua?

A Taoist might ask if this was needed, but it would be a shame for Mu Jin, who accepted it.

But Mu Jin spoke calmly as if he had made up his mind.

He moved forward without waiting for an answer.

If they weren’t going to be able to deal with Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, it was right to leave when the sect needed him the most.

“Please wait, sahyung.”

At that moment, one of those in the back spoke.

Mu Ho, a sajae, stepped ahead and stopped Mu Jin.

“This isn’t something that sahyung has to step out for.”

“I understand we need a win now. But if one of the Three Swords of Wudang goes out and wins, will they even regard us again? Wouldn’t we be ridiculed for sending you out to deal with a third-class disciple of Mount Hua?”

“Please let me go. I will break the nose of that brat and come back.”

When Mu Jin looked at Heo Sanja as if seeking his opinion, he also nodded in agreement with Mu Ho’s words.

“Right. Go. And clearly explain to that lost child what it means to be a first-class disciple of Wudang.”

“I will follow your orders.”

Mu Ho bowed while holding the sword in one hand. Then, without much hesitation, he turned away from the stage.

Jin Hyun, who had not yet recovered from the shock of defeat and was dazed, looked at Mu Ho in shock.

“You have nothing to be upset about.”

“Right now, you’re just crouching to leap higher. So your defeat now isn’t a true defeat. I will prove that.”

After catching a final glimpse of Jin Hyun, Mu Ho confidently walked to the stage, where Jo Gul, who looked disappointed, was waiting.

Mu Ho smiled softly even after hearing Jo Gul’s arrogant words.

“Not disappointed. It’s the greatest honor to be able to spar against a first-class disciple of Wudang.”

Mu Ho tilted his head at the unexpected words.

Unlike his fussy attitude a moment ago, the words that came out of his mouth were truly common.

“Then why did you insist on fighting Mu Jin earlier?”

“It’s better to aim high.”

Jo Gul grinned mischievously.

“Even if it means to fight and break, one can learn something only by fighting with the strongest person.”

“Winning isn’t important?”

“It goes without saying everything is better if you win. But that’s not everything.”

For a moment, Mu Ho seemed shocked.

‘I thought he was a reckless child.’

But wasn’t his words surprisingly well thought out?

Aside from his freewheeling and rude nature, the young Taoist clearly knew what he should aim for.

‘Is this the nature of Mount Hua?’

Well, then he could guess their intention in fighting Wudang.

“I’m sorry for not being a good opponent for you.”

Jo Gul slightly lifted the sword in his hand. Before he knew it, his eyes were shining.

“No matter who it is, my best enemy is the one standing in front of me right now. I will do my best.”

Mu Ho’s lips rose into a smile.

“Let me also cleanse the mind by ignoring you. Let us have a good fight.”

Mu Ho’s drawn sword drew a gentle curve and headed for Jo Gul. It was a simple movement that wasn’t threatening but felt heavier because of it.

Jo Gul’s sword was also quietly aimed at Mu Ho. It had a light and sharp qi.

The two, who had been facing each other for a moment, rushed towards each other.

It was the moment when Wudang’s sword and Mount Hua’s sword collided head-on.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.