Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The force in the sword began to circulate smoothly.

It felt like he was full of qi from his shoulders to his fingertips.

By his own estimation, his condition today was the best. It wasn’t easy to display one’s skills in a spar of martial arts held under the sect’s name, but now, he was clearly swinging the sword better than when he trained.

Surely, it was that.

The path drawn by the sword was extremely accurate, and the distribution of internal qi was as precise as if it had been measured with a scale. It even felt like everything was being controlled within his senses, even the sparring ground.

This refreshing feeling, which he had never felt before in his life, was so profound that he now thought it would be worth competing with even Mu Jin.

Mu Yeon’s face looked suspicious.

‘Why isn’t he falling down?’

His gaze turned towards where Yoon Jong was. Yoon Jong, now obscured by blackness and unable to be seen, was in danger.

It wasn’t Mu Yeon overestimating his own strength. Anyone who knew about martial arts would say that Yoon Jong was currently inferior.

But that fact confused Mu Yeon.

On the other hand, didn’t it mean he was enduring it?

Even though he deployed the sword qi with all his might, Yoon Jong endured it.

This person was just a third-class disciple of Mount Hua.

Of course, the Mount Hua disciple named Yoon Jong was strong enough, and he acknowledged it.

It was the attitude of effort and determination. Even he wanted to imitate him.

However, no matter how great Yoon Jong was, he couldn’t overtake Mu Yeon, who was 20 years older than him.

He didn’t know if Yoon Jong would be able to surpass him at the same age, but now, he wasn’t an opponent. It shouldn’t even be like this.

Why wouldn’t he fall down?

At that time, Yoon Jong’s upper body stumbled back as if it would crack.

It twisted like a tree bent by a typhoon, but then he soon began to tremble and returned to his original state as if overcoming it.

It truly felt like he would fall, but he didn’t feel like he would ever fall. This unknown feeling began to bloom in Mu Yeon’s heart.

He was now using the Taoist Sword technique with all his might. Even among the first-class disciples of Wudang, few could handle it to this extent.

But Yoon Jong was enduring it.

He lacked internal qi, yet the perfection of his sword felt amazing.

No matter how much Mu Yeon thought, this felt impossible.

Mu Yeon’s fingers trembled lightly. The perfect flow of the sword was disturbed a bit, and the qi, which had been flowing like water, had shaken.

In the end, martial arts depend on the person using them.

No matter how perfectly one trained their skills, the moment one felt impatient, they could not use their full strength.

Mu Yeon’s heart, which had been calm as a lake, now had ripples in it. It was hard to even call this Mu Yeon’s fault. Everyone would get a bit flustered when they come across something beyond their common sense.

Mu Yeon, who quickly came to his senses, was startled and tried to regain his form.

But regaining calm once the heart was shaken wasn’t easy. The image of Yoon Jong withstanding his attack was clearly engraved in his eyes, so how could he regain his composure?

Mu Yeon let out a short breath and gripped his sword tighter.

‘There is no need to rush.’

He would be the one to win. Even if the opponent endured for a bit longer, the result would not change. It was just a slight delay in deciding the winner.

In the sword qi that was swirling around, a trembling sword emerged. It looked like new buds rising from an old tree.

And soon, a red flower began to bloom from the tip of the sword, which was bent as if it would break.

He had already seen this.

Hadn’t Jo Gul shown this amazingly blooming plum blossom in the other spar?

But the Plum blossom he saw now felt somehow different from the one before.

A little more modest and clear. Yet, it felt by no means an easy one.

No one would say that plum blossoms were strong. Flowers that broke apart easily at the touch of a child swayed in the wind, fell in the rain, and could not withstand time.

The blooming plum blossoms were all crushed by the sword qi.

But then they bloomed again.

Even if they fell again and again. Even if they were torn, dried, and died, wouldn’t the plum blossom always survive the winter and wait for the spring to bloom again? Although the flower might be weak, the life of the plum blossom was strong.

And this sword continued like that.

The plum blossom, which bloomed, embracing life, caught the attention of Mu Yeon and didn’t let it go. It was like he was being sucked in.

Mu Yeon’s eyes began to get bigger and bigger.

Yoon Jong gritted his teeth as he looked at the flower blooming at the sword’s tip.

The Five Swords of Mount Hua were the first to begin learning the Plum Blossom sword, and Yoon Jong was the last to make the blossoms bloom.

Even when Baek Cheon’s flowers were roaming the world and, Yu Yiseol was quietly expanding her land, and Jo Gul’s flowers flew in the sky, he couldn’t make a single blossom bloom.

He couldn’t help but understand the difference in talent, which would be difficult to keep up with. But Yoon Jong didn’t feel disappointed or frustrated.

‘Do plum trees only live to bloom?’

Some might ask as such.

It was said that plum blossoms bloomed, bore fruit, and lived to pass on the fruits to future generations. That was how life went. But that was just the law of the world.

Did plum trees really live to bloom?

The logic of the world was a bit burdensome to him.

Drawing a bigger picture, looking into the distance, and systematically preparing for the future were suited only for others.

Yoon Jong was busy, just holding on for now. Even the time to think about tomorrow felt like a luxury. He did his best to hold on and not get pushed away.

Wouldn’t the plum tree be like that, too?

Was there a grand intention behind making the flowers bloom? Did it have the ambition to pass the fruit to the next generation?

Just hold on and stay alive. Wouldn’t that intense day-by-day struggle eventually lead to getting what you desired?

So, this flower wasn’t the end. It was nothing more than a struggle to avoid being pushed out of a difficult life.

Unable to withstand the pressure of sword qi, the skin on his forearm cracked and bloomed. Yoon Jong’s body shook and hurt as it trembled.

Nevertheless, his hand holding the sword stayed firm.

Even if one had no feeling left in their hands and could no longer hold the sword. Even if it felt like his entire shoulder was getting torn, he would make sure to swing that sword.

There was just one way for a tortoise to catch a rabbit.

Even when the rabbit was resting or sleeping, the tortoise continued to use its short legs. For him, his short legs were his sword.

A groan, which he couldn’t gulp down, came from his clenched teeth.

Even though plum blossoms bloomed easily for some, it was difficult for Yoon Jong to even bloom one.

But in the meantime, Yoon Jong managed to make the buds and make them bloom, which were now hundreds and gathered together.

The plum blossoms were tightly closed as if to withstand the cold and the water.

24 Movement Plum Blossom Sword, Plum Blossom Fragrance.

His plum blossoms weren’t ones that bloomed extravagantly.

It was a plum blossom that endured the winter of the world and finally came forth in the spring.

The plum blossom, with no order, always went against the sword qi. And the sword qi, which became stronger and more powerful, didn’t feel as formidable as before.

Stay rooted in the land and ensure the flower buds join together to overcome the biting wind. This was the place. It was a plum blossom that bloomed in the winter.

And then came a loud shout from Yoon Jong’s mouth.

The plum blossoms united like metal and caught the flowing water. It shook and stumbled but still stood firm and wasn’t pushed.

Unsure, Mu Yeon clenched his teeth.

There was no wall. Nor was it a mountain or vast sea. It was just one plum blossom tree blooming in the middle of the field.

But why couldn’t his sword cut down that one tree?

His eyes gradually turned red, little by little, and those red eyes looked at Yoon Jong, intending to crush him.

He began to lose it.

His sword qi continued to push.

Even though he was attacking, another bright blue beam of qi shot out from the tip of Mu Yeon’s sword.

At that moment, Mu Yeon’s eyes widened. What he was looking at wasn’t Yoon Jong. The sharp, pure white sword qi followed from behind the sword of Yoon Jong, who was rushing toward him.

That sword qi, so different from before, began to cut through his own sword qi.

The disciples of Wudang and Mount Hua, who were watching this, all stepped back. The aftereffects of this explosion were too much for them to stay standing there.

Everyone had an idea. This was no continuation, and the battle was decided.

After the fog cleared, the one standing would be the winner.

‘Who will be standing!’

Everyone looked at the stage in silence, and eventually, the wind pushed the dust away.

There was one standing tall.

Baek Cheon smiled and nodded.

‘It couldn’t be anyone else.’

The person standing was Mu Yeon, and although his face was pale, he stood on both legs.

And Yoon Jong lost his grip, kneeling on the ground with heavy breathing. The outcome of the spar was clear to all.

‘You fought well, Yoon Jong.’

What was important wasn’t the outcome of the spar, right?

The disciples of Mount Hua, whom Baek Cheom looked at, were all gritting their teeth with tears in their eyes.

‘All you wanted to say to them has been delivered.’

No one could blame Yoon Jong for the defeat. This defeat was more valuable than the win.

Just as Baek Cheon was thinking of speaking, Mu Yeon, who was looking at Yoon Jong calmly, said.

“A spar is a means to compare the martial arts skills of two fighters through a fight. And it is about competing with their own teachings.”

A faint smile formed on the pale face.

“My sword wasn’t short of yours, but my win wasn’t up to you. As a Taoist, one should focus on training before using the sword.”

And he shook his head and folded his hands as he slowly stretched them ahead.

His voice was strangely plain, declaring a loss, which shocked everyone.

Even Baek Cheon was shocked.

Anyone could see that this was a battle Mu Yeon won. Then why take defeat?

It wasn’t just Baek Cheon who was shocked by this.

“What are you even saying!”

From the side of Wudang came a loud voice. It was Heo Sanja.

“Lost? Defeated? Who told you to admit the defeat yourself! Anyone can see you won!”

Mu Yeon shook his head slightly.

“Please do not embarrass me more than this.”

His gaze on Heo Sanja was calm.

“Others might not know, but there is no way that the elder doesn’t get it, right?”

“What are you saying now?”

Heo Sanja raised his voice as if he didn’t want to admit it, and Mu Yeon looked at him.

“I couldn’t overcome my impatience a moment ago and took a harsh stance of intending to kill someone twice younger than me.”

Heo Sanja’s eyes widened.

He wasn’t surprised at the word ‘kill’. He was shocked that he said it in a place where many could hear, and sure enough, people began to whisper right away.

Mu Yeon spoke in an unwavering and firm voice.

“This should never happen when we are trying to learn from one another. As soon as I return, I will go into closed training. I guess I had forgotten for a long time that there is something more important than the sword.”

Heo Sanja could grit his teeth but couldn’t say a thing, and Mu Yeon looked at Yoon Jong.

“Thank you for letting me know.”

“… I don’t think I did anything.”

“You don’t have to speak to let one know. I learned from your demeanor.”

“When I shake off the fear in my heart, please spar with me again.”

Yoon Jong quietly nodded, and Mu Yeon bowed.

“I had a nice time learning.”

Watching Mu Yeon walk out without regrets, Yoon Jong quietly let out a sigh he had been suppressing.

‘So this is what a prestigious sect represents.’

After calmly admitting defeat, he left no trace of regret. He was like flowing water, just like how his sword felt.

In the end, Yoon Jong couldn’t stay standing any longer and looked up at the sky.

A clear sky without a single cloud was looking down at him.

‘Anyway, I endured it again.’

And it will continue. Today’s action will turn into tomorrow again.

And one day, to a future where he would shine.

It was the moment when Yoon Jong, the third-class disciple of Mount Hua, achieved a victory over the first-class disciple of Wudang, Mu Yeon.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.