Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

There was probably no situation where the word astonishment fits so well.

The Wudang disciples watching the spar were all at a loss for words. Everyone’s eyes were blank as they looked at Baek Cheon.

No, this situation cannot be simply described as imitation.

This was a clear ‘understanding’.

The movements and methods of execution might be different, but the essence of Wudang’s techniques was unmistakably captured.

It was a shock in itself.

It was shocking enough to have already experienced 3 defeats, but the previous one was a fluke for Mount Hua. If they fought again, then the chances of Wudang winning would surely be higher.

But not now. Baek Cheon had completely overwhelmed Mu Ho. And it wasn’t with his own skills but by imitating the technique of Wudang.

The eyes of Heo Sanja opened wide.

‘When did Mount Hua come this far?’

The spar so far was enough to make them realize that Mount Hua was pursuing them. But the sight he was seeing now made him realize that Mount Hua was already standing right behind them.

To add a bit of exaggeration, it seemed as if Baek Cheon had pointed his sword at the neck of Heo Sanja.

Could all this be summed up in one word?

Heo Sanja knew the world of geniuses.

How many people in the world were born with talent?

There were not countless people who stood out. However, once the terms and conditions were exceeded, more than half of those who went would become ordinary. Not even a handful would be left by the time they reached the end.

In the end, talent wasn’t everything just because it was born in a person. If one didn’t find the right place to nurture and make it shine, even a person born with great talent would end up as ordinary.

‘This guy wasn’t much.’

Although they achieved excellent results in the spar, only two people, Hae Yeon and Chung Myung, achieved fame at the tournament. He might have looked strong then, but in the end, Baek Cheon was just a normal man who got overshadowed by the glory of those two.

But the talent that never fully shone then was blooming now.

‘What was even happening?’

According to common sense, it is impossible for a talent that didn’t shine before to suddenly glow. It was clear that something happened in the time since.

But Heo Sanja’s mind couldn’t even guess what it was.

‘If it was Mu Jin, would he have taken down that kid?’

Even though he questioned himself about the possibility, he pushed Mu Jin back to avoid a clash with Baek Cheon. But now, Heo Sanja felt horrible after realizing his choice was right.

No matter how strong Mu Jin was, he could not guarantee a chance of winning more than 70% against Baek Cheon. The odds of winning at 70% meant that if one fought thrice, they lost once. But what guarantee was there that the one time wasn’t now?

Heo Sanja felt pain. Mount Hua could no longer be treated as nothing more than a thorn in the side.

Mu Ho’s face displayed so many clustered emotions that they couldn’t be described in words.

Humiliation, anger, shock, fear, frustration, and confusion were among them all.

In addition to this, if one observed his face closely, they would read all the emotions. He mumbled slowly, scratching his throat.

The sword of Wudang?

Was he saying that the sword of Wudang, which even he couldn’t fully understand, was not bad?

He ground his teeth together.

He could tolerate being ignored. However, he simply couldn’t bear the thought of the sect’s sword being undervalued.

Harsh words came from his mouth, which was odd for a Wudang person. But Baek Cheon was just staring at him with cold eyes.

“It isn’t that I discounted Wudang’s sword.”

“And yet you say such careless words?”

“It is just pitiful to me.”

Baek Cheon spoke without care as he looked at Mu Ho, who seemed not to believe the words he heard.

“The sword tries to be like water, but those who use the sword actually try to go against nature. How can one not feel bad for that kind of sword?”

Mu Ho couldn’t answer, and his hand holding the sword trembled.

This was why you shouldn’t choose a path that wasn’t natural. Even in a situation like this, where the sword of Wudang was being ignored, and his efforts throughout his life were undervalued, wasn’t it impossible to make even a single excuse then?

This was because it is clear that Wudang tried to take advantage of things by going against the natural law. That he was now standing face-to-face with this man was proof of that.

“A sword technique isn’t just about the technique of using the sword.”

Baek Cheon turned his head and looked at Chung Myung.

Even though he participated in the spar where the fate of the sect was at stake, he couldn’t help but laugh as he looked at Chung Myung sitting down and yawning as if he was annoyed with this.

“The sword of the sect symbolizes the sect. That is why the fist of Shaolin is that great and the sword of theQingcheng sect is swift, and Wudang is soft?”

“It is obvious what happens to a place that disturbs the true intentions that run through the core in the future.”

Baek Cheon finally understood Chung Myung.

In the past, he didn’t understand the actions of Chung Myung in secretly trying to help Southern Edge’s Song-Baek. Southern Edge was the enemy of Mount Hua, and Lee Song-Baek was Southern Edge’s disciple. Why would he help someone like that?

But now, looking at Mu Ho, it felt like he knew.

This felt like watching the so-called famous sects failing to protect what they should.

This was odd, contrasting his feelings towards Wudang; he felt sadness at their sight.

“You are speaking quite proudly.”

But Mu Ho gritted his teeth as if he was really enraged by the words.

“You might be right. But you are arrogant. Even if what you say is right, it is arrogant to convince one that what is said is right.”

“What’s wrong with following the decisions of adults who have thought more carefully and experienced more?”

Baek Cheon couldn’t hold back his irritation and sighed.

He wasn’t wrong. A disciple must trust his master. In his opinion, even if it seemed wrong if the disciple didn’t trust the judgment of his master, discord was bound to arise in the end.

“The difference between Mount Hua and Wudang?”

“Is it not being afraid to be out of line?”

Mount Hua was like that.

Even if one of the disciples had complained or raised their voice, saying something was wrong wouldn’t lead to a mess. Everyone listened to small voices and didn’t doubt someone’s right to speak.

Right. That was Mount Hua.

When he first met Chung Myung, he, too tried to suppress Chung Myung with his rank and power. When that wasn’t enough to resolve the issue, he tried to punish Chung Myung with his skills.

Compared to Baek Cheon, who was tight-lipped back then, Mu Ho was actually an open one.

However, if the place you stood changed, what you saw also changed.

Now, Baek Cheon was feeling frustrated watching Mu Ho. This is because of his blind faith.

“Isn’t this something that will not be resolved through words?”

Baek Cheon lowered his sword.

“Come. The words should be proven with the blade. I will show you that I am not wrong.”

Mu Ho’s face cruelly contorted.

The distance between the stage and the audience wasn’t far. The audience probably heard the entire talk.

Mu Ho found himself unintentionally in a position where he had to prove that Wudang’s choice wasn’t a mistake. Even if that wasn’t his intention, the audience now watching would certainly think so.

‘This clever piece of….’

Mu Ho bit his lip. It was too late to resolve this with words. Doing so would only reveal his weakness.

Ultimately, he had no choice but to prove his opponent wrong with his own hands.

And this was the fate of the person who took up the sword and went into battle.

Mu Ho took a long, deep breath and gripped the sword tightly.

‘It is impossible to gain an advantage at such close range.’

He didn’t know why, but Baek Cheon seemed to have a familiarity with close-range combat. It was as if he had experienced countless battles where swords had clashed with his.

This meant that the winning plan Mu Ho had was a failure.

In that case, one had no choice but to return to the basics.

Mu Ho moved the sword slowly, and blue qi began to emanate from its tip.

‘If a flower blooms, then I will sweep it down.’

If he wanted to, he would cut it down too.

Prove that even his sword qi was stronger!

Mu Ho’s sword qi, now strong with his resolve, was like an enraged wave. Its nature seemed different from Wudang’s sword qi, which was like a haughty wave; it was closer to the murky torrent in a storm.

At first glance, the sword, with its force seemed stronger than what Mu Yeon showed.

But Baek Cheon looked at the sword qi rushing in, and his face only sighed.

‘Is this what it has all come down to?’

No matter how much he said, nothing changed. The sword of Wudang was based on heaviness and calmness. But giving oneself over to momentary anger and pouring out harsh sword qi meant losing the basics.

It looked stronger on the outside, but inside, it was just rough qi with no uniformity.

-Sasuk is the one who will spread the name of Mount Hua to the world.

If that was what that brat thought his role was.

‘I will do my best!’

So that damned bastard behind him could clearly see it!

Baek Cheon’s sword drew a huge circle. Vivid plum blossoms began to bloom like waves from the sword in soft and smooth motions.

The level felt so different from the previous spars. The flowers, which easily bloomed, were as colorful as if they had been painted.

It was a sight to behold.

Plum blossoms, which were an amazing red, filled the sky entirely. Everyone watching was shocked.

The audience, the disciples of Wudang, had to learn about the Plum Blossom Sword technique.

Even the disciples of Mount Hua, who had seen Baek Cheon’s sword multiple times, couldn’t take their eyes off this.

Even Mu Ho, who was fighting against him, was mesmerized for a moment.

The red blooming plum blossoms swirled around the storm of the sword qi. It was broken, crushed, and torn as if the sword qi was only sword qi, which couldn’t turn into water.

The plum blossom leaves, which crushed the sword qi, soon rose up like riding the waves. The petals gradually spread out, coloring the world red.

A sight as if the entire space around them had been filled with the red flowers.

At least for Mu Ho’s eyes, who was seeing this, the entire world seemed to have turned into a home for the flower petals.

The plum blossoms, which had amazingly decorated the world, were blown at Mu Ho.

The hem of his shoulder cloth was cut.

The plum blossoms brushed past Mu Ho’s body, which he couldn’t even think about stopping.

Dozens or hundreds of petals passed by the robe of Wudang.

After the plum blossom rushed past him like a whirlwind, Mu Ho’s clothes were in tatters.

However, there wasn’t a single scratch left on the body. Even though so much sword qi had passed.

Mu Ho and Baek Cheon looked at each other. Red blood flowed down from Mu Ho’s bitten lip.

It wasn’t difficult to cut a person with a sword.

But it was difficult to use so much sword qi at the same time and threaten a person without causing a single wound. It’s much more skillful than hurting someone and knocking them down or taking their life away with a single hit.

In the face of this hopeless difference, Mu Ho could say nothing.

Baek Cheon slowly pushed the sword into the sheath as he looked at the man who couldn’t even wield the sword.

And he stood tall as he bowed.

“I learned it well.”

It was a completely one-sided win, which no one would deny.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.