Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The sword attacked the opponent with the sharpness and strength of a swallow bird skimming the water.

The disciples of Mount Hua couldn’t help but be impressed by it.

“Sago is so different.”

“It doesn’t seem like the same sword technique.”

Before her opponent knew it, Yu Yiseol, who was on the stage, was easily overpowering the Wudang disciple before her.

Her sword, dazzling under the sunlight, was enough to shock not just Wudang but also Mount Hua’s disciples.

‘So different from Baek Cheon sasuk.’

To be specific, Baek Cheon’s sword was similar to the ideals of Mount Hua’s disciples.

An end that can be reached when they use their sword to its perfect potential. Therefore, they were still training, dreaming of the day when perfection came like Baek Cheon did.

However, Yu Yiseol’s sword was different.

Even though she was clearly following the same path and using the same technique, her sword felt distinctly different from the other disciples’ swords.

“Can a sword change this much?”

It wasn’t that she was lacking in strength. Actually, the Wudang disciple who was fighting with her couldn’t even think of hiding his fear and shock.

‘What sword is this…!’

There was something strange about her sword. It might seem like it was moving with the same grace as the others, but it rushed ahead, aiming for the vital point with a terrifying sharpness.

If the sword of Mount Hua, which other disciples had shown, dazzled people with its brightness, this sword was more about stealing the attention of the people and their will to fight.

‘How can it be this clean?’

He was able to realize after a couple of clashes just how scary her sword was.

‘How many times did she even practice this routine?’

From before Chung Myung stepped into Mount Hua to now, the one who was going insane about this sword was Yu Yiseol alone.

Even before Chung Myung introduced the techniques of Mount Hua, Yu Yiseol had trained in the few remaining techniques that were left. Since she took the chance to learn a perfect technique, wasn’t it natural for her to be perfect at it?

Without any further extension, she lightly jumped over the sword qi of the opponent. She stabbed her sword toward the Wudang disciple with a quiet movement. A truly chilling feeling.

“… sago is indeed sago.”

Jo Gul stared blankly at the stage as if he could say nothing more. The only one in Mount Hua who can be compared to Baek Cheon was Yu Yiseol. Baek Cheon’s gorgeous sword captured the gaze, while Yu Yiseol’s silent sword took the breath from their lungs.

“Truly a shocking thing, huh.”

“Even though everyone learned the same sword technique and underwent the same training, the swords have differed so much.”

Yoon Jong’s words made Jo Gul nod.

The Five Swords of Mount Hua had undergone a similar process. The training that Chung Myung gave them was similar, and even when they trained alone, they didn’t use a different technique.

Yet, among the Five Swords of Mount Hua, each person had their own unique nature, and it was now revealed.

“Isn’t that what happens when one reaches higher skills? Chung Myung said that last time, right? Even if we learn the same sword, its features change depending on the person’s nature.”

“But isn’t the sword of Wudang all the same?”

“Hmm. It surely seems so.”

Of course, Wudang’s sword was slightly different depending on the person using it. But it was shocking to even say there was variety compared to Mount Hua’s disciples.

“If there is anything weird, it is on our side….”

As Yoon Jong said this in an anxious tone, a soft voice came from behind.

When Yoon Jong turned around in shock, Un Geom stood there, looking at them gently.

Un Geom’s gaze shifted to the stage in his usual manner.

“The sword of Wudang is a noble sword.”

“I would say so. It embodies our ancestors’ path through repeated training and study to find the most perfect way to teach their disciples.”

“So, all the swords must be the same. This is because the amount of force that must be applied to each swing and how the internal qi is utilized are all predetermined. In other words, the Wudang sword strives for perfection.”

Jo Gul and Yoon Jong nodded. They understood as they listened.

“On the other hand, Mount Hua doesn’t concern itself with mistakes or deviations from the standards. Because that isn’t wrong; it’s simply being different.”

So far, he hadn’t thought his swordsmanship was incorrect.

“Which side is right, then?”

“Well, it’s fine because I don’t know.”

Un Geom shook his head.

“There isn’t just one path to becoming strong. Sometimes Wudang might be right, and sometimes Mount Hua might be right.”

Then he looked directly at Wudang’s sword.

‘This is something we cannot do.’

He didn’t know what the past swordsmanship of Mount Hua was like. Unlike Wudang, whose history and lineage continue without interruption, the swordsmanship of Mount Hua had everything cut off. For now, all that could be done was to infer what the swordsmanship of Mount Hua was like in the past.

Therefore, he couldn’t even tell his disciples that the swordsmanship of Mount Hua was perfect. That was the greatest pain Un Geom had.

Who knew which was better? Freedom or strictness.

However, there was a clear difference between not doing something even though you can and not doing it because you cannot. If the history of the Mount Hua sword had continued, it might have been a bit stronger…

“It was always the same.”

Jo Gul looked at Chung Myung crouching and asked.

“Mount Hua’s sword was always like this.”

“… How do you know that?”

“Do you not know after seeing the records?”

Chung Myung’s face contorted as if he didn’t like it.

“What kind of holes do you have for eyes, sahyung? You are truly useless. You saw it with your own eyes, right?”

As Jo Gul hesitated, Chung Myung sighed.

“If King Seonjo had wanted to convey it, he would have written the arts in more detail. You don’t think he wrote it like that because he was lazy, right?”

“… No. Even if it was 100 years back, there would never have been another person like you.”

“An insult, Chung Myung.”

The moment Chung Myung was about to get up in anger, Baek Cheon grabbed him by the head and pushed him down.

“Just stay there, brat! You have to watch the situation and then go create a mess!”

“That is what sasuk did. Did you see the situation you created where you acted bold in front of Wudang?”

“… Yes. You did well.”

You really did well, so I will say nothing more.

Chung Myung grumbled and then burst into laughter.

“It’s not really about right and wrong. Even though the water might seem different, it eventually gathers in one place and flows into the sea. There is one big destination for it.”

“But plum blossoms are made up of different flowers which come together to form a forest. Even if each one is different, it has value in itself.”

Chung Myung looked at the stage. Somehow, his eyes seemed to be looking at something in the distance.

“In the end, it is a full cycle.”

Chung Myung nodded slowly in response to the question asked.

“Water starts from the sea, rises to the sky, turns to rain and dew, and then flows back down the mountains. Water forms a stream, flows into the river, and then back into the sea.”

“A plum blossom begins as a fruit, becomes a seed, falls to the ground, sprouts, turns into a tree, blooms again, and then bears fruit.”

“In the end, nature cycles like that. In the end, both Wudang and Mount Hua simply try to understand the flow of qi through their whole human body. The difference lies in where the emphasis is placed. It is not a question of who is better or who is wrong.”

Yoon Jong, who had been listening quietly, opened his mouth blankly.

At that seemingly dumbfounded reaction, Chung Myung tilted his head and asked.

“N-Nothing. Well, it is true and all-natural… should I say that it is strange to me because it is coming out of your mouth, it is a bit…”

“Sahyung, you bastard! I am your sahyung!”

Baek Cheon continued to press him down.

Chung Myung spoke, pouting.

“Each person has their own way. Wudang is neither right nor wrong.”

Un Geom quietly stared at the back of Chung Myung, who was looking at the stage with sad eyes, and thought.

Although it might be difficult for others to understand, he sometimes could understand the words of Chung Myung. Even now, didn’t it seem as if Un Geom’s thoughts were understood by him, and he was trying to comfort the man by giving him a reason?

Maybe it was a coincidence, or something said without much thought, but Un Geom could already find comfort and put his mind at ease, thanks to Chung Myung’s words several times.

Right. That was enough.

If Mount Hua hadn’t let go of what they had to pursue, a sword-like appearance would have flowed naturally.

Meanwhile, Chung Myung glanced at Un Geom and fixed his gaze ahead.

‘Well, you were timid.’

He cannot criticize the man because all those thoughts stem from concerns about his inability to lead the future generation on the right path. So, instead of criticizing, he should deem this man admirable.

The Un disciples of Mount Hua seemed to be faring very well in Chung Myung’s eyes. Their efforts are shining brightly on the stage.

‘It was like this in the past, too,’

In the past, the Chung disciples, led by Chung Mun, were the strong pillars of the sect. Chung Myung was so exceptional that he was intoxicated by it. Still, aside from him, the others were mostly overshadowed by the monsters from other sects.

Although that was somewhat problematic, they were also chastised by Chung Myung for being…

The Chung disciples of that era had their own unique approach to the sword. Just as the Five Swords of Mount Hua are searching for the sword that suits them best, the plum blossoms of that time also flourished in various colors.

Everyone was different, but they united to form a forest in the end. Such was the nature of the plum blossom.

And… if the current five swords and their followers could all make their plum blossoms bloom, then Mount Hua would be able to reclaim its former glory.

It would be truly remarkable if every disciple could learn to create their own plum blossoms. But, as Chung Myung pondered this, his expression turned somber.

These were the words that escaped his lips a moment ago.

Right. The truth of the world lies in cycles. Life leads to death, and death leads to life again. This was a natural and time-based principle.

‘It means I am not outside of the cycle.’

Anything that cannot complete the cycle will eventually decay or become distorted.

Now, the existence of Chung Myung might serve as a guide to Mount Hua… but would it truly benefit the future of Mount Hua?

Why on earth did he have to break out of the cycle?

-Why did it come to this? How…

The sorrowful words in the Dalai Lama’s voice echoed through his mind.

What forced Chung Myung, who was trying to fall into deep thoughts with a stern face, to come out loud was the loud explosion that came from the stage.

Being pulled back into reality, Chung Myung turned towards the stage.

There, the conclusion of the spar, which didn’t last long, was evident.

The Wudang disciple on the ground looked at Yu Yiseol in disbelief.

But Yu Yiseol still maintained an indifferent face, as if there was no reason to be happy about the win.

Without caring, she turned to Chung Myung.

‘Right, I need to do at least this much,’ her voice seemed to say.

In the first place, he never thought she would lose.

Baek Cheon asked with fear.

“Then what now? We need to send someone.”

“You have an idea, right?”

Baek Cheon’s face turned blue as he looked at Chung Myung, who was smiling brightly.

“…No, you thought of nothing?”

Chung Myung scratched the back of his head with a blushing smile.

“What… wouldn’t this somehow work out for us?”

Baek Cheon was once again realizing just how worthless this helpless bastard was.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.