Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The branches extending from the beautiful, thickly grown tree created a large shade, blocking the sun.

It was an odd sight, slightly different from the plum blossoms on Mount Hua they had seen before.

Different didn’t mean it was wrong, though.

The plum blossoms on Mount Hua symbolize the blooming flower, a lone flower. But what was this sword which was producing a tree itself?

What was coming at Un Geom was the Taiji Wisdom Sword.

The best in Wudang embodied the Taiji’s harmony of Yin and Yang.

It held strength so great that it was said to surpass all techniques in the world.

The stage, made of sapphire stone, couldn’t handle it and cracked.

Even if it seemed like a gentle push, the cut felt cold when it touched, even if warmth spread.

The harmony of Yin and Yang, in other words, different natures.

Yin and Yang, two separate things.

This sword clearly showed what Wudang was pursuing.

Unable to handle the pressure, the floor broke and rose in the air. A surge of sword qi flew towards Un Geom, wrapping around the crushed floor pieces.

It was indeed a gentle yet strong attack.

It was such a formidable sword technique that it seemed like it would be too much for an injured person to handle.

But Un Geom felt happy about this.

This was proof of Mu Gak acknowledging him. It was the will to show the best to the opponent who respected him.

The disciple of Wudang, who once didn’t even look at him properly, was now doing his best with the sword. There could be no greater honor than this to a warrior.

Therefore, Un Geom didn’t show any hesitation.

One day, Chung Myung’s sword made a plum blossom.

Baek Cheon’s sword made a plum blossom.

But even then, Un Geom’s sword couldn’t do that.

And yet, he wasn’t frustrated. On the contrary, he was truly happy with the children’s growth. Ignoring the rays of agony and despair forming in his heart, he smiled.

Right. It’s up to the children to bloom.

He was just one bridge that connected the previous generations with future generations.

He provided shade to prevent those delicate flowers from withering in the hot sun.

His branches spread out like the anger released into the world.

Everyone had their first time at things.

Although he was now in a position to teach, he was once a learner, too.

A sect that was collapsing and losing strength with each day. Even in this desperate and gloomy situation, Hyun Sang’s eyes, which looked at them, were always warm.

‘Was I able to give the kids what I received from you?’

He also realized it now. He has now realized how Hyun Sang taught him, but would he be able to convey those deep feelings to the children?

Un Geom gripped the sword a little tighter.

No. He simply believed it.

He just believed that a person’s feelings were conveyed to others even without words or shouting.

New shoots sprouted at the end of the branches extending from a large tree.

Unlike the shining flowers, which are the disciples, the buds that bloomed at the tip of Un Geom’s sword were green.

The sword qi of Taiji Wisdom Sword surged in and collided with the sword qi of Un Geom.

At that moment, the entirety of Un Geom’s sword qi faltered.

Blood dripped down the mouth of Un Geom.

The tremendous force and the sword qi were turning his body inside out.

But this cannot be called pain.

Surely, he can endure the pain of being cut.

This was nothing compared to how helpless his teacher looked.

This cannot even be called pain compared to the pain he felt when he realized that he could not give anything to the young disciples who were looking at him with half-hearted eyes.

Un Geom’s feet dug into the ground. It looked like a tree taking root.

The world was always cold and harsh.

‘But, my disciples.’

When does this winter end?

Un Geom’s gaze shifted toward his empty sleeve.

He reflected on the things he had lost.

Most people grow stronger from their injuries.

But sometimes, the damage is irreversible.

The sensation in his fingertips felt alien. Yet, despite this, he continued to wield his sword.

As Un Geom’s sword cried out with his shout, it swung once more, and flame-like sword qi erupted from his blade.

The fiery sword qi repelled the incoming yin and yang qi.

The two qis clashed and moved across the ground.

As the clashes persisted, Un Geom’s body tilted as if it would crash to the ground at any moment.

But he didn’t kneel.

Even though the rushing qi caused him pain, and it felt as though every part of his body was about to explode, Un Geom’s legs remained firmly planted on the ground, just as they had initially.

Baek Cheon’s eyes turned red as he witnessed this.

Blood, already formed, dripped from his tightly clenched fist.

But his gaze never left Un Geom for even a moment.

Words cannot describe how he felt watching all of this.

However, one thing was clear: what Un Geom was trying to convey to the disciples was very evident.

That was something that cannot be expressed in crude language. He couldn’t help but feel it.

Baek Cheon’s shoulders trembled.

Not just him but every single one from Mount Hua watched the spar with a solemn expression that had never been seen before.

Even if it meant death, if Un Geom were to die, they would not take their eyes off the scene.

Jo Gul, too, who always had a bright face, Tang Soso, who hadn’t fully grasped the feelings of Mount Hua, and even Yu Yiseol, who never showed her emotions, watched Un Geom with an unusual expression.

Chung Myung, observing the stage, clenched his fists.

So much has been lost.

Was there anyone who could understand better than Chung Myung how Un Geom felt? Who could better grasp the feeling of losing something you firmly believed in instantly?

Nevertheless, Un Geom didn’t lose himself.

He continued to push himself again and again.

He didn’t hesitate to learn from the disciples and didn’t ignore the fact that he wasn’t as good as before, so he calmly walked again.

As he endured all that and watched everything, it felt difficult to hold back the rising emotions.

I didn’t lead Mount Hua back then.

It has always been here from the start.

The spirit of Mount Hua.

A small voice came out. It was the sound of the ancestors passing to the next generation who inherited the spirit of Mount Hua across the ages.

His blurred consciousness.

It felt like the body was being crushed. His consciousness was lost for a moment, and he couldn’t see clearly.

The trembling didn’t stop from his body. But rather than coming to his senses, his mind felt dazed.

Not being able to remember.

And yet, the sword was still cutting through the air.

Even if the consciousness faded, his body didn’t stop, and his will shook as if it were alive.

The spirit and dream he had been drawing his entire life are still with him. Even without conscious awareness of it, he was performing the sword technique.

Yin and Yang qi clashed with his qi and created a terrifying force. This incredibly enormous force attacked Un Geom.

He tightly closed his mouth as the blood came to his mouth.

But thanks to that, he came to his senses a bit late.

Despite all the efforts, Wudang was still a high mountain for him. Perhaps he might not be able to surpass this even if he went through all kinds of hardships.

But that didn’t seem to matter anymore.

His sword, which trembled violently as if it would slip from the grasp, regained stability.

“The sword is always honest.”

Even if one cried or said it wasn’t right, the impossible would not suddenly become possible. If one truly desired it, they must build it, not yell for it.

“Build every day, every day…”

And so, one day, you will reach it. The path that a swordsman should take.

As if the sword responded to his thoughts, it trembled for him,

The sword moved like riding the surging qi or playing with the wind.

The pressure that had been bearing down on the entire body vanished, as did that clashing sound.

All he could feel was the sword in his hand.

How should he convey this?

For a moment, this question popped into his head. And Un Geom smiled at this.

“There is just one thing.”

He spread his legs a bit farther on the ground and stepped firmly,

The relaxed knee naturally bent slightly. He extended his shoulders and held the sword ahead as if he still had the right hand.

The basic form to start everything.

The sword qi came rushing to him, and he could see it this time.

That majestic force, like two dragons in white and black moving,

“The start is always one.”

His words were so calm and slow. The sword raised above the head was hanging down towards the back.

The sword, which had risen as high as it could, was brought down with all its might.

The first thing he learned.

And the first thing he taught.

The ending will differ for everyone, but the start is always the same.

This was his motto and that of Mount Hua, too.

The day will come when Mount Hua will make a name for themselves in the world. One day, there will come a time when it will lose its name and decline.

However, unless the clear spirit of the children who held and swung the wooden sword with their small hands vanished, Mount Hua would not vanish.

A downward strike with a magnificent sword qi divided the Yin and Yang.

Shouts filled the entire place as the sword qi storm took over.

The fierce swirling qi spread all around, but neither the Mount Hua disciples nor the Wudang disciples retreated.

As if they would engrave the scene in front of their eyes, Un Geom resisted the rushing qi with his entire body.

Black, white, and blue sword qi rose harmoniously into the air.

The gust of wind became strong, and the strong wind soon subsided into a calm breeze.

Silence fell over the place. There were a lot of people, but no one made a sound.

In this eerily quiet land, only their faint breathing could be heard.

Two people were standing on the stage.

Of the two, who were facing each other without moving like stone statues, it was Un Geom who moved first.

He slowly put the sword into the sheath and extended his other hand.

Just by looking at how it was shaking, one could tell how much mental strength it took for him to do that.

His hand stretched forward, almost as if it would lose its strength and fall down at any moment.

“I… I learned… a lot.”

Mu Gak put his sheathless sword down, then clasped both hands and waved them politely.

“Really… I learned a lot, too, Taoist.”

Mu Gak’s voice trembled slightly.

As soon as the answer was given, Un Geom’s body collapsed to the ground.

Mu Gak hurriedly jumped up and helped him. At the same time, Mount Hua’s disciples came rushing onto the stage.

A series of coughs came from Un Geom’s mouth.

“Sasuk! Are you alright?”

“Teacher! The injuries…”

Un Geom’s mouth curved up as the disciples’ faces blurred in his vision.

“I didn’t… lose badly… right?”

At Un Geom’s question, Baek Cheon held his hand.

“… you were the best, Sasuk.”

Un Geom had a faint smile.

Then he closed his eyes as if he felt relieved, and his hands went limp at his side.

“Do not make a fuss now.”

Baek Cheon bit his lip while trying to calm the shocked disciples.

And then he picked up Un Geom. He didn’t forget to bow to Mu Gak as he left the stage.

“As a disciple of Mount Hua, I thank you for helping Sasuk.”

“Blessing of Buddha.”

Mu Gak shook his head.

“Anyone would have done the same.”

Baek Cheon nodded and turned around.

The body of Un Geom held in his arms was so light. That fact made Baek Cheon sad.

Hearing the heavy voice, Mount Hua’s disciples nodded with stern faces. They went down the stage, led by Baek Cheon holding Un Geom. Everyone seemed to have their shoulders proudly straightened.

They were disciples of Mount Hua and also Un Geom’s disciples.

Chung Myung, who was watching from below the stage, nodded.

“Sometimes in this world….”

The corners of his lips were smiling with pride.

“There are defeats which are more valuable than victory.”

This defeat would remain clearly in the hearts of Mount Hua’s disciples.

As a memory that would never be forgotten.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.