Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Bloodshot eyes shone.

And the faces of those watching turned anxious. In the end, there was just one person they could look to.

‘Go ahead and try something.’

‘What can I do now?’

‘No! There is no one other than Sasuk! You know that if something like this happens, it would be chaos!’

These damned bastards, saying Dong-ryong this and that, didn’t even treat him as Sasuk, and only in times of such a mess did they remember him to be their Sasuk.

If it were just the Sajil bastards who were putting pressure on him, he would simply ignore it, but the problem was the elders who were looking at his back.

Unable to overcome their requests and the unspoken pressure, he took a deep breath and slowly walked toward Chung Myung.

“Losing streak… losing… seven…”

“Seven losses in a row to those Wudang bastards… Wudang…”

The one who was usually a bit of an ass was now letting it be. One could tell by the look in those eyes.

It was a very harsh reality for Baek Cheon as he had to stop Chung Myung, who was losing his reasoning.

‘Oh, heavenly ancestors.’

This was how he died.

Baek Cheon took a deep breath and carefully spoke. The idea was to try and calm things down.

Chung Myung suddenly turned to Baek Cheon.

‘…look at those eyes.’

It was as if he wanted to set everything aflame…

Baek Cheon spoke with an uncharacteristic stutter.

“Y-you said it, right?”

“That… defeats are more valuable than wins.”

As no answer came back, Baek Cheon spoke with an awkward smile.

“Even though we lost, the kids are learning something, so you shouldn’t be so angry…”

At that moment, Chung Myung’s head tilted.

‘Can he be talked to?’

At the same time, the disciples of Mount Hua felt the blood drain from their faces.

“Right. Of course, I said that.”

“Right, right you did, Chung Myung.”

“Sasuk, you know it all? Uh?”

Chung Myung’s eyes slowly began to lose focus.

“If I could do everything I know, would I be Confucius or still Chung Myung? It even took a lifetime for Buddha to know what to do, so what’s wrong with me not knowing what to do? What!”

Oh, my, how could his character be this disgusting?

“These idiots who can’t even be used as firewood in winter are out there losing spar after spar to Wudang! Seven losses? Ah, this isn’t even a losing streak anymore! It isn’t even consecutive! Seven losses now? For real? Seven!”

Chung Myung, who was trembling in anger, shouted and then grabbed his stiff neck.

“Ughh… The back of my neck!”

Baek Cheon was scared and quickly tried to comfort him.

“Have we not seen enough? If I run free now, we cannot salvage anything.”

“Yes, yes, Chung Myung! So calm down now!”

“Somebody hurry up and get that brat some sugar!”

The other disciples began to help Baek Cheon and console Chung Myung.

They had been with Chung Myung for years now. It was enough time to know that something terrible happens when he opens his mouth.

Chung Myung, who was looking ahead with red eyes, was letting out sharp breaths.

“In this case, it would be better to just rip off the heads of those bastards and bury them somewhere on the mountain…”

“What, have you lost it?”

“No, sasuk. I lost it a long time back, right?”

Even crazy people were picky about being called crazy.

But wasn’t this crazy one in front of him a big problem because he didn’t know what to do at the right time?

“No. Does it make sense to lose 7 times!”

“We cannot win over them, you insane bastard!”

“They cannot win! Of course, they cannot! But they have to win regardless!”

“… please, please make sense when talking…”

Baek Cheon pleaded, but Chung Myung wasn’t in the state to listen.

Of course, Chung Myung knew it, too.

Except for the Five Swords of Mount Hua, no other disciple was at the level of Wudang. How could a first-class disciple of Wudang not win against a normal warrior, especially if they had an advantage in experience?

If that were possible, Mount Hua would have already risen to the level of the world’s best sect and would have been engraving plum blossoms on the bald heads of Wudang disciples.

He knew. Of course, he knew. He knew, but…

‘I know, but I am so angry!’

Only after living this long had he seen people lose so miserably to Wudang.

The bastards! What about him!

He had never seen those faces! All he saw were the hits to their head! May the Wudang raise their heads stiffly before the Mount Hua sect!

Chung Myung, whose stomach was boiling in anger, trembled while clutching the handle of his sword.

“Calm down, you bastard!”

Gwak Hwi, who participated from the third-class disciples’ side, was unable to overcome the flying sword qi and fell to the ground.

In the end, Chung Myung, unable to hold back the anger, began to lean forward.

‘That clueless idiot!’

‘Try coming down now!’

It must have felt unfair for Gwak Hwi, who received the same result despite his best efforts, but that was how things were working in the world.

Even if he committed the same act, the person who failed to catch the timing of the situation would be severely punished.

Chung Myung managed to get up and took a deep breath. It seemed to have had some effect as his face turned calmer and calmer.

“… fight. It is strange whatever I say to sasuk.”

“R-right. Chung Myung, calm down now! Huh?”

“Next time! The next one will just have to win!”

“No! That isn’t what I…”

“A thirsty man can even dig a well! I will go!!”

The disciples of Mount Hua, who were around, quickly leaped up and attacked Chung Myung, pushing him down.

“Let go of me! Will you not let go? I will shave those heads bald and change their entire look to Shaolins!”

“A-amitabha. You have to consider the sect’s wishes for…”

“Shut up! That doesn’t help me!”

“This piece of shit! After eating so much food in Mount Hua, you will not even head out to the spar? Uh? Spit out everything you ate! You bastard!”

Hae Yeon’s face was filled with resentment.

No, it’s not that he didn’t step out because he didn’t like it, but honestly, he didn’t know how someone from Shaolin could go into a spar between Mount Hua and Wudang.

“Why are you taking your anger out on the monk!”

“Because he is of no use! No use! That bald head!”

When Chung Myung rolled his eyes, Baek Ah poked her head out from the cloth and also scolded Hae Yeon.

Hae Yeon, who looked sullen, lowered his head. Yoon Jong approached him and patted him on the shoulder.

“We don’t think so, so don’t worry about it, monk.”

While Yoon Jong was comforting Hae Yeon, Chung Myung’s rage didn’t stop.

“Let go! Will you not let go! If I go out and destroy those shits, everything will be solved!”

“You said you will be the last to go, remember!”

“It isn’t like the situation will change because I beat one last guy and come back!”

“Come on! Give him some sugar! Hurry up!”

Jo Gul stuffed the sweet he had brought from somewhere into Chung Myung’s mouth.

Chung Myung chewed the sweet fiercely as if it were the head of Wudang.

Baek Cheon sighed at the sight of Chung Myung still not being able to calm down even after taking the sweet.

‘Seven losses… no, losing eight in a row is a bit too much.’

Everyone did their best since Un Geom did, but still, defeat was defeat. It was also true that he felt his stomach twist as each defeat piled up.

He confirmed that the difference from Wudang wasn’t so far. But it was also the moment he clearly knew that there was a difference from Wudang.

Baek Cheon looked at the enemy camp with a heavy look.

Baek Cheon and Yoon Jong gazed at the Wudang camp.

Wudang was definitely worthy of being called the best swordsman sect in the world.

‘Even if the day comes when our kids catch up with those disciples, there will still be a difference in the number.’

Not all of Wudang’s first-class disciples came here. The number of Wudang people with just the first-class disciples was close to a hundred. The number was overwhelmingly greater than that of Mount Hua.

Considering that Wudang’s second and third-class disciples would also grow, the difference in power would not be easy to overcome.

“Even if we overcome them, the elders will be behind them too.”

“… I don’t even want to think about it, but it is so scary.”

“Right. It has to be.”

He guessed that this was the strength of a famous sect. It wasn’t that difficult to surpass them one by one. However, even if a single disciple of the famous sect was surpassed, the whole mountain would come together to block the trespasser.

A strong determination appeared on the face of Baek Cheon.

“It has to be at that level for it to be worth pursuing.”

But he didn’t think it was a mountain that could not be overcome. Mount Hua’s disciples must have thought the same thing through this spar.

In the past, Wudang was so far away that the end couldn’t be guessed, but through this spar, they could confirm the limit of it. So, didn’t that mean it could be reached someday?

‘The biggest benefit of this spar is probably gaining confidence and returning home.’

Baek Cheon smiled quietly.

However, there was one particularly disappointing thing.

“It would be nice to check how skilled the Wudang elders are.”

“It will be difficult. Elders aren’t people who step forward easily.”

Although Heo Sanja was there, Heo Sanja was a true elder of Wudang. What they wanted to know wasn’t about the person in charge of these external activities like Heo Sanja but the power of the real elders who focused on martial arts training.

‘It is a shame that we missed one thing though.’

Anyway, I got something else in return, so it is fine.

“Ughh. Those Wudang bastards…”

Which was why they should calm the dog down first…

Heo Sanja nodded his head sharply as he looked at the disciple who had returned victorious.

The last time they lost in the spar was when Yu Yiseol stepped forward. It should be said that 85 percent of what was planned has been achieved. However, Heo Sanja’s face didn’t lighten even as he watched the winning streak.

‘We are definitely winning.’

Then why didn’t he feel like he was winning?

Heo Sanja bit his lip and glanced at Mount Hua.

To anyone who could see, the disciples of Mount Hua, who were talking noisily, didn’t look like losers. It seemed closer to them being winners.

On the other hand, even though Wudang was winning, the atmosphere was gradually turning depressed.

‘I need a way to break out…’

If one thought about the reason why this spar was started, this kind of atmosphere shouldn’t continue. It was important to publicize the difference externally. Still, they also had to make Mount Hua realize that the high wall of Wudang could not be overcome.

In order to do that…

“Yah, this man didn’t even come in yet! The sect leader himself gave the order, so how can it be like this!”

“We arrived at the needed position, don’t be upset.”

Heo Sanja, who expected Mu Jin’s answer, raised his eyes at the voice that came. He turned around and saw the face of the sajae with a strange expression.

“Sahyung. It seems like you are having a hard time.”

“Why-why are you this late!”

Heo Gong smiled at Heo Sanja.

“Since when did Wudang turn this weak? One cannot even deal with Mount Hua without an elder stepping in.”

“Isn’t that right, sahyung?”

Everyone began to hold their breath as they heard a low, intimidating tone coming from Heo Gong.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.