Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“… doesn’t seem to be a first-class disciple anymore?”

Mount Hua’s disciples looked into the empty space on the stage with puzzled eyes.

Just by looking at their age and clothing, which could be inferred from their appearance, they clearly seemed different from the first-class disciples they had sparred against until now.

And even if the appearance wasn’t different, they could still tell he was slightly different.

‘Something feels odd.’

That relaxed nature and that odd void which could be felt.

“Wasn’t there just one elder who came?”

“I don’t think he is a first-class disciple.”

As the doubts began to form, Heo Gong stood outside the stage and quietly opened his mouth.

He spoke with a heavy tone.

The moment the first words were spoken, his presence was strong enough to attract the attention of all Mount Hua disciples.

“My name is Heo Gong, an elder of Wudang,”

At the appearance of another elder, confusion filled the eyes of Mount Hua’s disciples. Heo Gong, who attracted everyone’s attention, continued speaking with a faint smile.

“I watched the spar between Mount Hua and Wudang. It was a nice time to realize how great the disciples of Mount Hua are. The disciples of Wudang surely must have learned a lot. As an elder of Wudang, I am truly grateful for Mount Hua’s teachings.”

Heo Gong bowed with both hands placed in the center of his body.

Seeing that, Baek Cheon asked Chung Myung.

“…he seems more thoughtful than I thought?”

Even down to the worn-out uniform and roughly tied hair. Compared to Heo Sanja, who looked so clean, it was hard to believe that both of these people were from the same background. So he naturally thought that this nature would be a bit eccentric, but the words from the mouth had a hint of politeness.

“Look a bit closer.”

But Chung Myung was smiling.

“You will find out if you look a bit closer.”

At those words, Baek Cheon frowned and looked forward. Then, he relaxed his clenched fists and said…

“If you have received a favor, it is right to repay it. But Wudang doesn’t have anything to give to Mount Hua.”

Heo Gong pretended to be concerned as he groaned,

“Then how about this?”

A sincere smile formed on his lips.

“It seems that the first-class disciples of Wudang have failed to teach anything worthwhile to Mount Hua’s disciples, so I think it would be good for me, as Wudang’s elder, to come forward and teach you. Isn’t this beneficial for both sides?”

The faces of the Mount Hua disciples turned cold at those words.

The word that stimulated them was none other than ‘teaching’.

A little while ago, Heo Gong had said that they were taught by Mount Hua, and it could only be said humbly.

Giving lessons to another sect meant anyone with the slightest manners could phrase it like that. This was several times more rude than being blatant.

The sound of teeth grinding rang out around them. They could only deal with being ignored so much, but not everyone in Mount Hua could stand such treatment.

Nevertheless, there were two reasons why they couldn’t react too harshly. First of all, the person who made those foolish remarks was none other than an elder of Wudang, and the bigger reason was that they weren’t the ones who should speak first.

Hyun Sang was the one who spoke.

“You said teaching?”

The voice was so calm, and yet, Heo Gong couldn’t help but ask back,

“May I know who you are?”

“… Mount Hua’s elder, Hyun Sang.”

He lightly bowed to Hyun Sang.

This, too, wasn’t against the humble acts. But there was no way the eyes watching him wouldn’t glare.

And Heo Gong smiled.

“Doesn’t the Tao begin with casting aside pretense? As a Wudang elder, it’s not wrong for me to teach a disciple from Mount Hua, right?”

Hyun Sang’s expression grew increasingly cold.

Standing beside him, Hyun Young also glared at the man angrily.

“Mount Hua is not so weak as to seek guidance from another sect.”

This left Heo Gong speechless.

“If any teachings are needed, that is something Mount Hua should request. Not something for Wudang to offer.”

Heo Gong nodded as if it made sense.

“If it were any ordinary sect, that would make sense.”

“I am saying this because I feel concerned.”

Heo Gong turned to the disciples of Mount Hua.

“All the young disciples of Mount Hua are truly amazing. They are so talented that I find myself coveting them all.”

Hyun Sang simply waited for the next words, knowing well that the true point was yet to be made.

As expected, a sneer appeared on his lips.

“No matter how great the talent, without someone to refine it, it will be difficult for them to truly shine. It seems to me that Mount Hua is still struggling to harness their talents.”

Surprisingly, Hyun Sang didn’t react with much anger.

The ones who became angry were the disciples of the Baek and Chung generation.

“I said to be quiet.”

Hyun Young’s cold words halted their rash outbursts.

The disciples of Mount Hua bit their lower lips to restrain themselves. For those who had witnessed Un Geom’s fight firsthand, the insult to their seniors, especially the suggestion that they couldn’t teach them, was unbearable.

But Hyun Young couldn’t allow them to speak out.

No matter how useless his words might seem, he was still an elder of Wudang. And young disciples could not afford to speak carelessly to such individuals.

Moreover, one could clearly sense the intention behind the other person’s words, who was openly slandering their elders.

But Heo Gong spoke again, as if he had no intention of stopping.

“Such a pity. Who can watch with joy as talents that could fully bloom fail without the chance to bloom because they are in the wrong place?”

“I don’t know if it was another sect, but isn’t it natural for me to help Mount Hua since we walk the same path?”

Hyun Sang’s lips trembled very lightly.

What bothered him wasn’t the nonsense this man was spouting. It wasn’t that the man was looking down on the sect or even his current situation; Hyun Sang couldn’t retort.

What bothered him was the thought that it might be beneficial to ask this man to guide the disciples, which felt humiliating to him.

Because there was nothing wrong with that.

The disciples of Mount Hua did show amazing performance. Not just those who won, but even the defeated ones showed incredible struggle.

So much so that he thought catching up with Wudang wouldn’t be just a dream.

But as Heo Gong said, they would eventually reach a limit if there was no one to guide them. And even if they overcame the wall in the process, the disciples of Mount would all have to go through a fierce struggle that couldn’t be compared to students of other privileged sects.

Because of seniors who couldn’t lead them.

‘Is my pride more important?’

He was about to speak and explain, holding back the bitter emotions. Still, Hyun Young, who was watching the situation next to him, spoke.

“This is a spar which defines victory and defeat, but if the Taoist comes out here, what will happen to the victory or defeat?”

“Did you ask about winning and losing now?”

Hyun Young took a deep breath and said.

“The Wudang will need two more to win. You surely aren’t saying an elder will come up here and fight to get the desired result, right?”

At the sharp question, Heo Gong smiled.

“Win and lose… Win and lose… does that truly matter more?”

“A spar is different and is ultimately about comparing martial arts skills and learning from each other. Winning or losing is a good thing as long as both sides gain something.”

Hyun Young’s face went stiff, and Heo Gong smiled brightly.

In front of everyone, he spoke as if he didn’t care about the result. This was a ploy to lower the significance of this spar.

It was also the best move for a Wudang who had lost a lot, a change in narrative if he won. It was Hyun Young’s mistake to steer the topic there, not expecting him to respond as nicely as Heo Sanja.

And it was as expected.

People began to mumble.

“Wudang was winning, right? But Mount Hua wins?”

“Wouldn’t that mean that wins and losses aren’t important? It is just a friendly spar to grow morale.”

“So the Wudang didn’t even do their best till now?”

The people seemed confused, and then someone shouted.

“Of course it is! If the Wudang had been sincere, would their first-class disciples have lost to Mount Hua?”

“What! Do you want to say that after watching the entire spar with your eyes? Where did that look like learning?”

“Tsk tsk, what do you even know? After all, the first-class disciples of Wudang lost to Mount Hua’s second-class disciples. Isn’t it because they respected Mount Hua that they suffered the losses, and so they chose to win?”

“Huhu! Look at this one cooking up nonsense!”

The audience began to diverge and express their own thoughts. Of course, there were many who sided with Mount Hua. But until now, Mount Hua was one-sidedly supported, and now, with opinions divided, it is no different from showing that the situation is being shaken.

Hyun Young bit his lip tightly in anger.

If an elder appeared like this, then an elder should step out from there too, but he and Hyun Sang couldn’t match Heo Gong.

In that case, he should step back, but if he chose to run with his tail between his legs, it would be like admitting the elders of Mount Hua are incapable compared to Wudang.

Hyun Young glanced at Hyun Sang’s expression. Because he, too, wasn’t saying anything.

Hyun Young knew. Whenever they couldn’t come up with the right response, there was one who could.

He seemed to be one beat faster.

All the disciples of Mount Hua turned to Chung Myung, who was squatting on the ground, and looked up at Heo Gong and opened his mouth.

“Don’t ever try to sneakily talk and just say it upfront. So, you lost, now what?”

Heo Gong burst into laughter.

“It is good to think like that.”

“No, I don’t think you understand what I am trying to say.”

Chung Myung got up from his place and said,

“So, Wudang lost, right?”

“Why don’t you answer that? You were being so polite until a moment ago.”

Heo Gong stopped laughing and narrowed his eyes, asking.

Chung Myung smiled, showing his teeth.

“Might be childish, but I am called Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.”

The eyes of Mount Hua and the Wudang people all focused on Chung Myung.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.