Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

It was a sword imbued with murderous qi.

A form of qi that made onlookers want to step back in fear. It was hard for them to believe that a Taoist was the one invoking such feelings.

How enraged must he be to display this?

Everyone sensed it. This fight had transcended the normal bounds of martial arts.

If the essence of murim was to compare and learn from each other’s martial arts, then what was unfolding above was certainly far removed from any form of learning.

Unless it involved the life-or-death stakes of one’s existence, how could such intense murderous qi be unleashed?

The sound of sword qi clashing made everyone’s ears ache.

As the sharp blades scraped against each other, sparks flew in all directions. The combatants’ heads were closer than their swords, exuding a raw, deadly aura akin to that of animals.

It was a clear intent to kill.

It was akin to a fight between growling animals, each trying to sink their fangs into the other.

Who would have thought?

Wudang and Mount Hua.

This was how the meeting of the two Taoist sects unfolded.

An eerie sound of bones echoed from the two hands gripping the sword.

Heo Gong’s eyes, filled with deep anger, stared at Chung Myung as if intending to devour him. And Chung Myung’s eyes, under that intense gaze, also burned with a strange fervor.

Chung Myung chuckled, smiling.

“No matter how strong you try to act, people are all the same in the end.”

Chung Myung’s sword surged with strength as he advanced towards Heo Gong. But this was not merely to exploit an opening. Chung Myung hit the ground and immediately caught up with Heo Gong, who was pushed back.

“This is your true nature!”

“Shut up, you bastard!”

The swords clashed again, sending explosions outward.

Cold sweat began to seep from the foreheads of those watching the confrontation.

They believed that this would surely be a great spar due to their rankings—a clash between the high stage of a person who understood the sword and has achieved enlightenment and the human strength that unfolded that level of sword knowledge.

That was what this spar between the two sects was meant to showcase.

But what was unfolding felt intensely raw to all who watched.

From the outset, as if the swordsmen were declaring that it was ludicrous to speak of dignity, class, and rank, the two men displayed a beastly nature as though they were intent on killing each other.

Kaang! Kaang! Kaaang!

In the blink of an eye, dozens of sword attacks were exchanged.

Each strike aimed at the other’s life without any sign of hesitation. The shockwave created by these fierce sword hits tore through the ground.

Fragments of sword qi were scattering, clashing, and grazing their bodies. The shoulder of Heo Gong and the side of Chung Myung turned red.

But the two didn’t seem to care, as if they were possessed and had to kill the other before stopping.

The swords, clashing for a moment, created an opening.

Heo Gong, pushing up the sword that was being struck down, pierced into the arms of Chung Myung, coming close to hitting the chest. Even in that brief moment, this blow, loaded with qi, was directed towards Chung Myung.

But Chung Myung didn’t take this lightly.

Chung Myung struck the shoulder of Heo Gong with a counterattack. As a result, he managed to block the attack to the chest, but Chung Myung’s body, unable to handle the force, had to twist back a little and jump back.

A short groan from both sides. But even in that moment, Heo Gong, with wide eyes, caught up with Chung Myung, who was being pushed away.

Sword qi, like a waterfall, gushed out from the sword, embodying a tremendous force. However, instead of flying directly towards Chung Myung, the sword qi enveloped him from all sides.

Suddenly, a noise akin to a whip being cracked filled the air. This dazzling tension surged from the left arm of Heo Gong and burst forth towards Chung Myung.

‘Eight Silken Movements!’

This technique was the hallmark of the Wudang.

It was known that the Eight Silken Movements worked well against swordsmen.

This deadly tactic was reserved for confronting an evil force that brought chaos into the world.

That sword of Wudang now targeted Chung Myung. Its speed and explosiveness were so remarkable that it seemed odd to associate it with the Wudang sword, known for its foundation in Confucianism, stillness, and a blend of gentleness and force.

The tension of the Eight Silken Movements flew one after another, colliding with the Plum Blossom Hand of Chung Myung.

Unlike Chung Myung, who struggled to use both the sword and palm techniques, Heo Gong managed to do it all seamlessly against Chung Myung.

‘Well, this really is messed up.’

Chung Myung gritted his teeth and took a step back.

Heo Gong, thinking he had gained the upper hand upon seeing this, unleashed his sword technique with even greater force.

But Chung Myung quickly escaped the grasp and swung his sword without hesitation.

Dozens of plum blossoms bloomed at the tip and split to the left and right. The sword qi, which surged like waves, was blocked by the wall of plum blossoms.

Like rough waves crashing into a dam, the blue sword qi soared high.

Chung Myung’s sword trembled intensely and descended. This red-hot sword qi shot out like lightning towards Heo Gong.

The Heaven’s Way Sword qi of Heo Gong changed direction and blocked the incoming Sword Qi.

However, Chung Myung had already kicked the ground with sword qi and narrowed the distance.

In one fluid motion, without hesitation, the sword qi split the wave to the left and right. It was a sight that looked more like a miracle than a sword technique.

But, pushing the air away was not so easily done.

The moment the sword qi split, the attack flew through like lightning.

Chung Myung’s sword swung in urgency and blocked the attack. However, it wasn’t enough to disrupt all the qi released at close range. The plum blossom sword shook violently, and soon, red blood came from Chung Myung’s mouth.

The eyes of Heo Gong widened at the sight of him being defenseless.

This wasn’t a mere mistake. What was the meaning of presenting your head to the opponent like this?

His sword instinctively went right for the head of Chung Myung, who moved forward. If the attack succeeded, Chung Myung’s head would be split in an instant. It was an attack that should never have been made in a normal fight, but the line between a fight for life and death had long disappeared for Heo Gong.

The moment the sword struck with such force, Chung Myung’s head should have been cut down.

The sword of Chung Myung moved all around.

With the addition of rotation to the sword, which was already flashy and full of changes, it felt like the entire area in front of the eyes was filled with swords.

The tip of Heo Gong’s sword shook once.

If he slashed the sword again, he could cut off Chung Myung’s head, but he also had to be prepared to have his body shredded to do that. If he tried to enter, he would be killed too.

In the end, Heo Gong had to step back, losing any force and take a step back.

It was a very obvious mistake.

Chung Myung struck the floor with the hand that wasn’t holding the sword, and that recoil made him rise into the air like a bomb.

Like a swallow ready to fly, Chung Myung rushed towards Heo Gong in a low form. Soon, the sword Chung Myung thrust rose from below.

In his life, Heo Gong had tried numerous martial arts and competed with multiple warriors. However, he had never faced a sword rising from a low point. He momentarily pulled his upper body back and dodged the sword.

This was exactly what Chung Myung was aiming for.

Chung Myung mercilessly struck Heo Gong with his fist.

Since the center of gravity was pulled back, Heo Gong’s response would come later than usual.

A foot struck Heo Gong, making a cracking sound. The hard sapphire stone on the ground cracked like spider webs.

Heo Gong couldn’t even scream in pain and glared at Chung Myung with red eyes.

He then kicked Chung Myung in the chin with his free foot.

What his foot touched wasn’t Chung Myung’s body but the sword handle. A sword handle made of millennial iron was hit.

Heo Gong, now with both feet injured, wailed like a beast.

But Chung Myung had already hit the ground and stepped back.

Heo Gong, down with the cracked ground, began to chase after Chung Myung.

The snake was behind him, and Chung Myung’s sword began to bring out the plum blossoms. However, the poisonous snake didn’t stop chasing its target.

The sword qi, raging like flame, flew out like exploding lava at the plum blossom sword qi and rushed right for Chung Myung’s chest.

Chung Myung blocked it by swinging the sword in a vertical movement, but there was no way his full strength could be used without both feet firmly placed on the ground!

Chung Myung’s body was pushed back with the sound of metals clashing.

He rolled a couple of times on the ground and ended up lying flat on the floor.

Taking deep breaths, Heo Gong looked at the hand holding the sword. It was shaking. And then he felt it, the sensation of swollen feet, and bit his lip.

All the bones in his feet were crushed. Every time he took a step, it hurt his lungs.

But now wasn’t the time to think about his condition.

His half-exhausted eyes slowly looked at the fallen Chung Myung, and sure enough, the boy was getting up.

Thick blood flowed from his mouth, down his chin, and onto the ground. But the devilish smile stayed intact!

Just by looking at the expressions of the two, it was clear who won.

The anger that was already surrounding his body cooled down in an instant for Heo Gong. Instead, he felt a discomfort slowly rise in his body, wrapping around, trying to tie him down.

Chung Myung spat out the blood in his mouth and wiped his mouth with his sleeve. And he smiled, showing those red, wet teeth.

“I guess… you cannot continue anymore.”

“Let’s continue though. This is just the start.”

Chung Myung, whose face was half-soaked in blood, began to approach with his sword dangling at his side.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.