Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Song Tae-Ak, whose eyes were opened as huge as lanterns, screamed without realizing it.

“Mount Hua over Wudang!”

There was no problem with the ears. There was no way one could not hear when the same thing was being said again and again.

However, the result was so strange that they couldn’t help but ask.

“Mount Hua defeated Wudang?”

“T-tell me a little more! Just how did this happen!”

At Song Tae-Ak’s urging, the disciple held out the paper in his hands as if there was no need to say anything more. As he quickly snatched it and read, he looked shocked.

“E-elder… an elder of Wudang was defeated? That… by Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon?”

No matter how many times he rubbed his eyes and read it again, the contents of the paper didn’t change even in the slightest.

“There is no mistake in this content, right?”

“Did you ever see information wrongly brought in?”

For merchants, information was life. Moreover, if it was his own merchants, they would have no reason to change the contents of their report. They would have written down what they saw with their eyes.

“No… they say that in life, it is bound to happen that a wolf chases away a tiger….”

It was difficult to say that Mount Hua beating Wudang was like a wolf taking down a tiger. Wasn’t this like a rabbit hitting a tiger’s chin and pulling out the front teeth with its paws?

If something so absurd had actually happened, the cause was pretty clear. The tiger wasn’t a tiger, nor was the rabbit a rabbit. Since there was no way Wudang was a tiger, it meant that Mount Hua was a lot stronger than they thought.

Song Tae-Ak was scared as he pulled on his hair.

Only then did he realize the mistake he had made. If he had known that Mount Hua would defeat Wudang like this, he wouldn’t have been so passive. He would have gone to the place where the spar was happening and even waved flowers.

“D-damn it, I made a mistake…!”

He kept pounding on his head with his large hand and looked bAk at his subordinate with red eyes.

“Well, then, where are the Mount Hua people now!”

“They are probably bAk at the merchant union house by now. The news came as soon as the warrior was announced as the winner…”

“What? They are heading bAk now?”

He looked flustered. Song Tae-Ak was a man who ran a merchant union. If he was stupid enough to not do anything now, then he wouldn’t be able to raise that much money.

“What are you doing! Prepare the victory banquet right away! And alcohol, too! Prepare to overwhelm them with alcohol and food!”

“Yes, I understand!”

“Wonderful! Mobilize everything that can be brought and present the best meal they can have! We have to show them that Song Tae-Ak and his merchant union are genuinely rejoicing at Mount Hua’s victory!”

Song Tae-Ak took a deep breath as he watched his subordinates running around.

The reason he abandoned Wudang and tried to side with Mount Hua wasn’t because he expected Mount Hua to defeat Wudang right away.

But it was more about investing in the future.

This was done at the calculation that Mount Hua would have amazing growth when compared with Wudang.

But this was what happened…

‘Such a huge success!’

If Mount Hua’s skills and strength were more than what he expected, he might be able to get bAk several times the money he invested.

“For some reason, I like this dreaming spot! This isn’t the time for me to be like this!”

Instead of sitting bAk and leaving the matter to his subordinates, he had to step forward and ensure the preparations for the banquet were all set. Now that Mount Hua had finished their work, they would start to leave for Shaanxi. Before that, Song Tae-Ak and his merchant union had to make their mark.

“W-where do I start? For now…”

“UH? What’s happening?”

“M-Mount Hua Sect is returning!”

Startled, Song Tae-Ak jumped up from his spot.

“W-why so fast! Nothing is even set in motion! Oh my!”

He quickly ran towards the gate.

“Open the gates! We must ring the bell of victory to welcome our returning warriors! Open the gates wide!”

Perhaps understanding the importance of the matter, the merchantmen opened the gates wide. Song Tae-Ak ran out in one go and took a deep breath.

“Are they coming from that side?”

“Please calm down now…”

“I know! But it’s not like I can control that!”

Song Tae-Ak responded, looking annoyed.

‘Do these people understand how big this is?’

What did it mean for Mount Hua to win over Wudang, especially in Wuhan and not some other region?

This was information that could change the situation in Kangho.

So, how could he not be nervous?

“That’s not it! T-there! The Mount Hua people are approaching.”

As soon as those words were said, Song Tae-Ak tilted his head in that direction.

A group of people could be seen approaching from afar.

Gulping down his anxiousness, he looked at those who were approaching. Naturally, they were all disciples of Mount Hua.

‘Something seems changed…?’

They were clearly the disciples of Mount Hua he knew and had met. He even saw them off when they were leaving this morning; he couldn’t forget it then.

But the disciples of Mount Hua, who were walking bAk to him, gave him a subtly different feeling from what he saw in the morning.

How should he explain this?

They were clearly the same people on the outside, but they seemed to hold a presence and importance that didn’t exist before.

‘Do I feel that way because I heard the news of them defeating Wudang?’

But no matter how much he looked, that didn’t seem to be the case.

A merchant was one who saw the flow of money, but before that, he must know how to see people. Therefore, no matter what the others did or who they were, he would have to maintain an objective gaze.

‘Surely they have changed.’

If one thought about it, it wasn’t something that couldn’t be understood.

Warriors grew through training, but they also grew based on what they have achieved.

The fact that they won this spar against Wudang must have led them to gain some confidence, too. If those with good enough skills gained confidence, then it was definite that the air around them would change in an instant.

Even the disciples of Mount Hua walking in line didn’t feel the same as before.

Song Tae-Ak felt a chill run down his spine, making him clench his fist.

He wasn’t a warrior, but it was surely amazing to think that he was watching people who were walking down just one path, all their lives to grow, and now they were taking a major step toward their goal. Who wouldn’t feel thrilled?

He tried to hold his body from trembling and waited for the Mount Hua disciples to get close, and then shouted.

“I congratulate you on your win! Heroes of Mount Hua!”

Then, when Hyun Sang, who was in the lead, smiled and spoke.

“I feel like my joy is doubled because the merchant leader personally chose to welcome us like this.”

“There is no way I wouldn’t have come out to congratulate you! When again will I be able to find such an auspicious time? And you won over Wudang!”

“Hahaha. Thank you.”

“My heart is still raging. I really congratulate you!”

Hyun Sang nodded gently. Deep down, Song Tae-Ak thought that choosing Mount Hua was a better decision than sticking with Wudang.

But then came a familiar, nasty voice.

“For someone who has been around the whole time, the congratulations are a bit too much.”

He glanced to the side, and there was Chung Myung, leaning on one leg and tilting his head, his eyes looking bored.

“Everyone saw the person who looked like he wanted to join Mount Hua right then and there, only to escape as soon as Wudang made their way here. And now what? Congratulations?”

Song Tae-Ak began to sweat on his forehead.

‘Did you know this would happen!’

It was true that he was a little scared. He had no idea that Wudang, which he expected would be courteous until Mount Hua left, would rush in that quickly.

“What? You changed your mind now that we won?”

“W-would I do that, Taoist! From the start, I was on the side of Mount Hua.”

“Words don’t become true just because you speak them.”

Chung Myung glanced at him with a look of dissatisfaction. Song Tae-Ak literally felt like he was dying.

It was Hyun Young who moved in to save Song Tae-Ak.

“Chung Myung. Do not be too harsh now. Doesn’t the leader have his own situations to handle?”

Chung Myung grumbled and pouted, but he couldn’t go against what Hyun Young said.

Hyun Young smiled, looking at Song Tae-Ak.

“Do not think too much into it; I understand everything.”

“T-thank you, elder.”

Hyun Young stroked his beard and smiled.

“Transactions are things that are normally based on trust, mutual trust. Isn’t it true that the truth varies depending on the situation?”

“This is the first time that Mount Hua is trying to build ties with another merchant union, so there is a chance that both sides will make equal mistakes. Wouldn’t we just work together to avoid making mistakes in the future?”

“I will make sure to keep that in mind.”

Song Tae-Ak answered quickly and gulped.

Chung Myung’s anger was direct, but Hyun Young had a way of speaking with swords in his mouth.

This was no different from a warning that said he wouldn’t be silent the next time if Song Tae-Ak chose to be ambiguous. Therefore, Song Tae-Ak also had to show his will to stand on one side alone.

“Hurry up and come inside now! The victory banquet is being held up! It will be prepared properly for us to be celebrated.”

“What sad words do you want to say now? Our Golden Mountain merchant and Mount Hua are none other than one, so of course, I will have to congratulate you. Now, come on inside and eat!”

As Song Tae-Ak made a fuss, Hyun Young pretended like he couldn’t refuse any longer and walked away.

Then, the other disciples of Mount Hua followed him and entered the merchant place.

When all of the Mount Hua disciples stepped in, Song Tae-Ak, who was left behind, wiped the sweat off his forehead and then exhaled a long sigh.

‘I would have been in huge trouble if I wasn’t careful.’

If Wudang had taken the lead, then both Mount Hua and he would have been pushed to a point of no return. His perseverance till the end was what saved him this time.

There seemed to be one person in the world who would never forget their resentment and grudge. The others had all walked in, but this one little devil stayed bAk to look at him. Song Tae-Ak wiped the cold sweat.

“… Taoist. That… I am…”

Chung Myung opened his mouth and pointed to Song Tae-Ak, directing him inside.

Wudang’s Elder was defeated by this boy. And it wasn’t as if Song Tae-Ak hadn’t committed any wrongs either.

“Since the elder has said so, I will let this pass for now.”

“When the war breaks out, the one walking the tightrope will be the first to take the hit. Do you understand?”

“I understand. I do.”

Chung Myung clicked his tongue.

“Let’s talk again after seeing how well you treat us all.”

“Do not worry! I have taken care of everything.”

Chung Myung glared at him until the end and then walked in. The aide, who had observed everything from the side until the end, approached Song Tae-Ak.

Song Tae-Ak just looked up at the sky with a look of despair, then took something out of his sleeve and handed it to the man.

“… Use it for the banquet, for now.”

“Take the rest of the money to that guy’s room.”

Tears formed in the corners of his eyes as he mourned the loss of his well-saved money.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.