Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Ughh! We’re finally getting close!”

The disciples of Mount Hua, who were pulling the cart, cried out as they gazed up at the towering Mount Hua, shedding tears of joy.

Normally, they would sigh deeply every time they climbed up. Still, now, even the summit, hidden by the clouds, appeared extremely lovely and beautiful.

‘They say it’s a hard task if you leave home…’

‘Guess I will never leave Mount Hua again!’

Until they left Wuhan, everyone was so excited that they couldn’t help but feel their hearts explode. However, their swollen hearts were mercilessly shrunk by the difficult journey.

“If we can just move up till there, we get to rest!”

“AHHHHH! I will get to the top first!”

“Move out, you bastard! I should be the one!”

The disciples of Mount Hua began to rush towards the road above without even looking back.

Then Chung Myung, who was watching, tilted his head.

“Is there some problem or something?”

Un Geom looked at his expression and asked. Chung Myung scratched the back of his head and spoke with a bit of an awkward expression.

“… since we are here, I was going to say that it’s alright to leave the cart behind.”

“Well… right? They are saying they will take it with them. Then there’s nothing we can do.”

Un Geom looked at the disciples of Mount Hua, who were rushing up the mountain, not realizing this, with sad eyes.

Of course, the Mount Hua wind was always clear. Because it was located on a very high mountain, there was always a cold breeze there.

But now that the weather had become much warmer and the wind blew along with warmth, it felt pleasant.

However, even though Hyun Jong was hit with this wind on his face, he couldn’t be too happy.

“Are you worried for the disciples?”

Hyun Jong cleared his throat at the words of Un Gak. And instead of answering, he smiled.

“What are you so worried about? You have already heard that the disciples are coming back from their win against Wudang. I just hope they won’t fall over and break their noses on their way back.”

Hyun Jong laughed as if it were an absurd thought to even have and spoke quietly.

“I thought I would never experience the feelings a parent would have since I stepped into Taoism at an early stage, but these days, I feel like I know how parents feel when their grown kids leave home. I can understand the concern they have. It is this feeling of them being safe when they are in our arms.”

“Isn’t it because the sect leader cares that much about the kids?”

Hyun Jong looked around the quiet surroundings and said,

“This isn’t necessarily the case. Well, aren’t the mountains so quiet with the kids not here?”

“That is true. It sure is lonely.”

It was the first time for Hyun Jong to have so many disciples depart for a mission from the Mount Hua Sect at once.

Although it was said that the number had gone down by a lot compared to the sect’s heyday, it was still crowded with over a hundred disciples, but now, it felt empty with just a few older ones left, and the loneliness he felt was too much.

“I didn’t expect that I would miss the sounds of their training this much.”

“Sect leader… I don’t think the disciples will like hearing that.”

Hyun Jong, who was quietly looking at the empty Halls, turned to the sect gate,

‘It is still a long way for them to arrive.’

Considering the distance from Wudang to here, it would take another 3 days, even at their fastest pace, to come here. This was true even considering that Chung Myung would urge the disciples without stopping for a moment.

Even though he knew that, Hyun Jong still couldn’t think about leaving this place which oversees the sect gate. The greatest patience he could muster wasn’t to go out and wait, but just to hang around here.

Hyun Jong turned his back and slowly closed his eyes.

‘I guess that is what it means to get older.’

There was a time when Mount Hua’s young disciples would wait for Hyun Jong to go out. But now the tides have changed. Hyun Jong now stayed here, waiting for the disciples to return.

Changing times, growing older, and then passing on one’s place will be accomplished through this.

It can be a little sad, but Hyun Jong didn’t feel regret at all. He just felt sad that he couldn’t help more kids who were going through such a difficult journey.

“Don’t you think you heard something?”

Un Gak shook his head, but Hyun Jong’s eyes narrowed.

‘I did hear this a bit…’

This sound was actually familiar, a sound that hadn’t been heard from Mount Hua for some time.

“Could it be possible for those who left from Wudang to have arrived now?”

“Yes, sect leader. That makes no sense. How is it possible unless they had wings and could fly?”

“Yes. For this to be possible with a human body, one has to practice training without sleeping or resting, even for a moment. Let’s think that it is possible for one person to move like that, would it be possible for all? There must be luggage they are carrying, too.”

“… but what happens if that can happen?”

Hyun Jong’s eyes twitched.

Un Gak, who had been looking at the face of Hyun Jong with doubt, suddenly turned back with a surprised expression.

He really started to hear something. The sound, similar to a song for them, felt so familiar.

“A-as if, it cannot… N-no, just how far… what is even happening?”

If even Un Gak heard this, there was no longer any doubt. Hyun Jong shouted.

“Call the rest and gather!”

“Yes, yes! Sect leader! I will head there right now.”

Un Gak ran away in a hurry. Hyun Jong quickly added after that.

“Tell them to prepare a meal right now!”

Hyun Jong cleared his throat a couple of times and then stepped forward.

He had already experienced this several times, but every time it happened, his heart fluttered, and he couldn’t calm down. Moreover, although he had welcomed many disciples in the past, this time, it felt different since many of the disciples were returning at the same time.

Hyun Jong looked at the gate with anxious and expectant eyes. Soon, the brave disciples of the sect who returned from a great war would step through the gate.

The disciples conquered the Green Forest, which was going through a civil war, and won the spar against Wudang.

Now, the swordsmen of Mount Hua, who had found a way out of being young disciples, were finally stepping back into Mount Hua.

His heart, which had been filled with anxiety, began to feel incredibly tight as if the heaviness were a lie.

And soon, the gate opened with a violent shake, as if it would break. And the disciples began to flock in.

As he looked at the faces he had missed all this time, the eyes of Hyun Jong started to turn watery.

Ah, this time, too, they all looked like a mess… and it wasn’t the first or second time he had seen this, so he wasn’t that shocked.

It was still difficult to understand why people were rushing to the mountain with carts… Hyun Jong had long given up trying to understand the disciples and their thoughts. Now that he knew it was easier to let go, he wasn’t going to go back to thinking about it.

What does it matter if they are coming back with things or just naked? It doesn’t change the fact that the people in front of him are the disciples of Mount Hua who returned after achieving the best results, which no one could imagine.

In response to Hyun Jong’s welcome, the disciples of Mount Hua rushed to him, pulling the cart without even considering stopping to let it down.

‘I-is it really that good?’

It was truly sad to see the kids, who had grown up enough to proudly proclaim Mount Hua’s strength, running to the elderly sect leader and looking so happy.

“Sect leader! Ahhhh!”

“Sect leader! Chung Myung! Chung Myung is!”

Hyun Jong opened his arms to the disciples, running towards him with a smile. Right, he was proud of them, no matter what…

“Sect leaderrrrrr! Chung Myung! That Chung Myung!”

“Chung Myung, just how much he! Harassed us…!”

“Do something about that bastard! Sect leaderrrr!”

Everyone was cursing Chung Myung at once, making it hard to understand. Hyun Jong smiled and slowly lowered his arms.

‘No matter how I envision this, it’s embarrassing.’

He was embarrassed to meet the ancestors after this, you brats! Ahh!

He cleared his throat and looked at his disciples. His eyes, a bit irritated at first, soon softened.

“Everyone’s faces have improved.”

At his words, the disciples of Mount Hua looked at each other and tilted their heads.

“You are a mess, all of you.”

“Woah, really ugly.”

“You don’t tell me that, okay!”

Hyun Jong turned his head to the sky.

He thought he had seen them mature, but nothing had changed.

Somehow, he felt as if he heard someone from the sky saying, ‘I had it tough, too.’ Hyun Jong shook his head, thinking he was hallucinating.

“How did you all get back so quickly? It couldn’t have been easy to come here from Wuhan.”

“… No, forget it. I think I understand it even if I don’t listen to it.”

The devil was spewing fire from its mouth.

Soon, a warm smile formed on Hyun Jong’s lips.

“You people have been through so much.”

Everyone was gasping for air, yet their expressions revealed a change from before. Was it said that three days of hard work could yield remarkable results?

Even Hyun Jong, who knew his disciples better than anyone, was quite impressed by their growth. They exhibited a dignity that had never been seen before.

This indicated that they had gained something from this journey.

“I have heard about what you all have accomplished. Everyone did well. You all did a wonderful job.”

The disciples of Mount Hua felt a slight sadness and bit their lips.

They had received numerous compliments on their way back here. Elders and the disciples alike praised them, and even people from other sects, as well as passersby, looked at them with adoring eyes.

But the words that came from Hyun Jong’s mouth carried a different weight.

It felt like they were finally being rewarded for their difficult journey. The disciples of Mount Hua glanced up at the sky and wiped the corners of their eyes.

“No, sect leader! As disciples of Mount Hua, it was only natural for us to do so!”

“I am sorry that we couldn’t achieve even more!”

“We also learned a lot. And we will practice even harder from now on!”

“Yes, yes. You kids. Wonderful.”

A warmth spread between the sect leader and the disciples. It was a reunion that would have ended on that note if it hadn’t been for a sudden new voice.

“Huh, back to being in the sect!”

Hyun Jong closed his eyes tightly.

As soon as the disciples heard that voice from behind, they slumped, their pride visibly diminished.

‘For what did we go through all this…’

As the days went by, the children…

Chung Myung burst through the sect gate and shouted.

“No matter what, the finishing part is important! Why are you trying to end this with just a few words? Pull everything off the side of the luggage and then line it up straight! Shouldn’t you be proper when reporting back?”

“Ugh. He really does say the right things only.”

“I know. Freaking insane!”

Although they were on the verge of shouting back at this nagging from behind, the disciples of Mount Hua moved and slowly dragged the cart to the corner of the sect. Then, they ran back to the middle of the training ground and lined up.

When all the Un disciples, who came up next, had lined up, Hyun Sang and Hyun Young came forward and stood facing the sect leader.

Hyun Jong, too, stood tall now and straightened his back like a true sect leader of Mount Hua.

Hyun Sang opened his mouth.

“The disciples under the elders of Mount Hua have returned after carrying out the orders of the Sect Leader.”

When Hyun Sang put his arms out to show respect, the disciples of Mount Hua all stood tall and then bowed to show respect.

Hyun Jong raised his head a bit at this sight. When he lowered his head to avoid looking too much at them, a small smile formed on his lips.

“Experienced many things, I assume?”

“Then it is all good. Everyone worked hard. You must be hungry, so let us have a meal and then talk.”

“Ugh! If we think about it, we were starving for 3 days.”

Seeing the disciples of Mount Hua running to the diner, Hyun Jong smiled.

Finally, Mount Hua was crowded.

Hyun Jong looked at the one person who hadn’t left yet.

“Was this a successful trip?”

“You will be surprised if you see it.”

A pleasant, warm breeze befitting the season.

It was the moment when the somewhat long journey of the Mount Hua Sect came to an end.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.