Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Hyun Jong nodded. Then, he looked at the elders, the Un disciples, and the Five Swords, who were gathered with warm eyes.

He had just received a detailed report about their journey.

Of course, he had a rough idea about it from the information the Beggars Union held. But hearing the story firsthand from those who experienced it felt entirely different.

“It isn’t an easy thing to tell.”

In the end, everything worked out well, and they returned victorious without any major problems.

However, if there had been a single mistake in that process, none of the people around would have been smiling.

“Everyone worked really hard.”

“No, sect leader. We were all just lucky.”

Hyun Sang smiled. Contrary to his words, the smile on his face showed utmost pride that couldn’t be hidden anymore.

“Luck surely is given to those who are the best. Being too humble is not good. You all did well.”

Hyun Jong didn’t hold back the praise as he spoke with a happy look.

The results achieved by the disciples after traveling a long way were outstanding. But what made Hyun Jong happier was that no one died or was seriously wounded as they went through such tough times.

This wouldn’t have been possible without luck.

When he thought about how hard the Five Swords and Chung Myung had to work to protect the other disciples, he was truly amazed by them.

Hyun Jong took a sip of the tea with a gentle face, looked around at everyone, and then said,

“Did you experience anything during this journey?”

Baek Cheon took a deep breath and spoke with a stern face.

“Mount Hua has certainly become a stronger sect than in the past, but we still have some shortcomings. I came to this painful realization on why the prestigious sects and families rule the world from the high positions they hold.”

Hyun Jong nodded as if he liked the answer.

“Are other people thinking the same?”

“Right, that is nice. Such a great thing.”

It felt like he heard a strange answer at the end, but now Hyun Jong knew how to listen to ‘that voice’ with one ear and let it go from the other.

“What are your thoughts?”

Hyun Young’s eyes darkened.

“Now, Mount Hua can never be the same.”

Hyun Jong urged Hyun Young to continue as if he wanted to listen.

“With the spar with Wudang this time, I realized that there is more than what meets the eye.”

“You mean that the other sects have already started to keep Mount Hua in check?”

“Surely, that is right. But I think we have to pay attention to something different now.”

Hyun Young took a deep breath and continued speaking.

“Until now, Mount Hua has done what Mount Hua wanted.”

Then, Hyun Sang, who was listening, tilted his head as if this was nonsense.

“What nonsense is that? When did we?”

“Sahyung. There are things we couldn’t do because of the lack of money and strength, but there was never a time when we didn’t get to decide on what we wanted to do.”

“I still don’t get it.”

“When we decided to let the kids participate in the tournament, were there people who stopped us?”

Hyun Sang frowned as if he wanted to think about it further.

“It is the same with Yunnan and the North Sea. No matter how difficult it was, the choice had always been ours. But, this meeting with Wudang wasn’t our decision.”

“It is good that the reputation of Mount Hua is growing, but in the future, things like this will continue to happen, regardless of our will. They will always undermine us and try to bring down the reputation of Mount Hua by putting forward offers which we cannot refuse and make us spar in a way where we cannot step back.”

“…I understand what you mean.”

Hyun Sang nodded as if he finally understood it.

‘Keeping us in our place…’

The Nine Great Sects and the influential sects were collaborating to keep Mount Hua in its place. Just the thought of it felt burdensome.

Hyun Young opened his mouth as if he still had something to say.

“We should avoid being caught in their tricks and tarnishing the name of the sect. But what I am worried about is that these actions are preventing Mount Hua from fulfilling its duties.”

“For instance, if Wudang had performed the spar just before the kids left for the North Sea or before we moved to Green Forest, then we would have faced more serious trouble.”

Everyone turned to look at each other. They hadn’t considered this until now.

“Now, when proceeding with something, we have to anticipate the other sects’ moves before making our own. It will become a bit more complicated and challenging, too.”

Hyun Jong let out a sigh, viewing this as troublesome.

He had anticipated that they would move to keep him in check, but after hearing this, it was clear that it wasn’t something he could simply ignore.

Before he could organize his thoughts, Chung Myung spoke.

As everyone turned their attention to him, he smiled.

“No one wants to keep an easygoing and weak sect in check. Doesn’t the fact that one of the Nine Great Sects is keeping Mount Hua in check mean that Mount Hua is a threat to all of them?”

They said that everything depended on how one thought about it, and this perspective didn’t seem wrong.

“No matter how hard you try, the flowing water cannot be stopped. One cannot help but be very careful, but in the end, it is several times more important for us to fulfill our roles correctly.”

Hyun Jong chuckled at Chung Myung’s straightforward words.

“Hyun Young. If we think about what was said, won’t the words I said earlier end up as mere nagging?”

“Hehe. It sure seems that way.”

Hyun Jong smiled as he watched Hyun Young playfully snap his fingers on Chung Myung’s head.

‘Both of them aren’t wrong.’

It’s important to accurately understand the situation one was in, and also to maintain their basics without being swayed by the situation.

Keeping the eyes on the sky and the feet firmly on the ground was what Mount Hua should be doing now.

Hyun Jong, who was about to speak, shook his head. He glanced slightly at the door.

The shouts of the disciples who were training could be faintly heard from there.

‘They know it even if I don’t say it.’

No matter what happened, if one could work hard and move forward by honest means, then they could overcome any difficulty. Now, all the Mount Hua disciples knew of that fact without him saying it.

“Then let us settle this matter now.”

Hyun Jong said, looking at Chung Myung.

“Now, I think we need to discuss what comes next.”

“You must guess it, right?”

Chung Myung tilted his head at Hyun Jong’s words.

“I have no idea what you are talking about, and there is so much work to do…”

“I have to look around to open another sub-clan, and I need to discuss selling the tea in Beijing with the Eunha merchant union. Since I need to return the funds, I have to make additional investments in the Hwa-Um village. I have to share the insights I gained with the second and third-class disciples and also help organize it… since the first trade with the North Sea has started, we have to figure out how this works in the future…”

If left alone, he would make a mess of this.

‘Have we managed to do so much?’

Hyun Jong once again realized how fast the growth of Mount Hua was.

“Well, of course, they are all important things, but isn’t there something more important?”

Chung Myung’s eyes shone as if he finally realized it.

“Did the Southern Edge bastards come out? I stepped on Wudang, so maybe I need to step on them too?”

Where did this guy’s deep-rooted hate against the Southern Edge and the Nine Great Sects even come from?

“…Southern Edge hasn’t yet stepped out.”

Hyun Jong, who gave up on trying to get him to answer, sighed and said.

“There are countless things to do, but there is one, the most urgent now.”

At those words, Chung Myung smiled.

“Heavenly Friends Alliance.”

“Because of what you did this time, the reputation of Mount Hua has increased greatly, and so they said that we should not miss this flow and proceed with the announcement right away.”

“They said they had roughly finished coordinating things with the major sects and had requested the small and medium sects and clans around Sichuan and Shaanxi to join too.”

“Kyak! As expected of the Tang family! This is nice! They do get things done quickly! If it had been Mount Hua alone, it would have taken more than 2 months.”

Was this praising the Tang family or criticizing Mount Hua?

“So what did they say we should do?”

“Everyone decided to gather at Mount Hua.”

“Uh? Here? Not at the Tang family?”

“It made sense for the Tang family to actually hold the ceremony. But they said that there was no way they couldn’t take advantage of it when the fact is that the name of Mount Hua is raging everywhere. It is said that they departed to Mount Hua, like the important people of Sichuan Tang, Nanman Beast Palace, the North Sea Ice Palace, and Green Forest.”

“…It isn’t a question about when they left, but they gave us a letter saying they left?”

“…It isn’t like they are suffering so much there…”

While Chung Myung was shocked, Hyun Jong smiled.

“I can sense that the head of the Tang family is excited for this.”

It was Chung Myung who couldn’t help but smile as he thought of Tang Gunak’s solemn face.

“I share the same thoughts as the Tang family head. If it is something we must do, then it’s better to do it now.”

“Now, we need to hurry and prepare Mount Hua for it.”

Hyun Jong looked at Chung Myung and nodded, then turned to the side.

“Mount Hua is also preparing to showcase the Alliance. Prepare to meet with the clans coming here.”

“Yes, do not worry.”

Hyun Jong stood tall, a gentle yet strong presence emanating from him.

“The ceremony for the alliance isn’t just ours alone, so distribute the gifts to sects everywhere in the name of Mount Hua and the Alliance.”

Hyun Young’s eyes widened at this.

“It is a good thing, so participate and brighten the occasion, is what we ask of them.”

“… Yes. Yes! Sect leader!”

Ignoring the other sects wasn’t an option. This was nothing short of declaring that Mount Hua was now in a position to influence the flow of the world alongside the Alliance.

“Position creates strength, and power brings responsibility. In the future, we will have more work to do, and the burden will become greater.”

Everyone sitting in their places looked straight at Hyun Jong with shining eyes.

“This isn’t something to avoid. I am willing to handle the burden, so please help me.”

“I will do my best!”

Hyun Jong nodded with a serious expression.

“And do not forget.”

“Even if you become the head of the alliance, even if we are a place that Wudang needs to keep in check, even if we are a place the world has to pay attention to.”

Soon, his stiff lips turned into a smile.

“Mount Hua will always be Mount Hua.”

And the previously frozen faces smiled.

“Now then, let us begin.”

With a loud response, the eyes of the Mount Hua disciples blazed with fervor.

Now was the time to make the name of the Heavenly Friend’s Alliance known to the world.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.