Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The area right below Chung Myung’s eyes shook.

His eyes were fixed on the crowd rushing through the gate.

From here, it looked like ‘a good number of people are coming,’ but when he went to the front gate of Mount Hua and looked down, the line of people coming up the hiking trail felt like a dragon’s body with no end.

“Why are so many coming over?”

Chung Myung mumbled, unable to understand, and turned his head.

An already long line of people was entering Mount Hua. After wrapping around the training hall a couple of times, the remainder continued to the sect leader’s residence.

“… but the event hasn’t even started.”

The Tang family head smiled and said.

“Once the event starts, they will not be able to meet the sect leader. Isn’t it impossible for people who are supposed to hold this event to go and greet everyone who comes?”

“So most of them are coming before it begins to have a private chat with the sect leader.”

“… even so, to this extent?”

“It isn’t normally like this….”

“It means that their interest in the Heavenly Friends Alliance is this strong.”

Chung Myung thought this was absurd. No matter how he saw it, the number of people was too much.

‘No. I did want to have people gather with my tricks.’

Still, was it this effective?

“It seems like you are frustrated. Well, you couldn’t have seen so many people in Mount Hua at once. But I think you should start getting used to it by now, Taoist. This is a sight you will see often from now on.”

He wouldn’t have seen this many? This was so normal in the old times at Mount Hua, you bastard!

However, this scene was a bit unfamiliar… uh…

Still, events like this must have happened many times in Mount Hua back then, so why did he not remember this?

That was when the voices of the sajaes from the past flashed through Chung Myung’s mind.

-Sahyung! Sahyung! Please, do not leave the room!

-No, sahyung! Do not ever do that! Go over there and train! Didn’t I even get you the alcohol? Just tell me where you will be, and I’ll bring an entire table there.

-Sahyung! The sect leader said not to enter Mount Hua.

-Even if you come across someone on the way, do not start a fight or hit them! No, even if you have to defeat him, you can never do that!

-Why don’t you head over to Southern Edge at least once? What? Why? Just head over there now, you bastard!

Chung Myung looked to the sky.

At that time, he didn’t know such an important event was happening. As a person, one had to go through a change of position to understand what others were thinking…

What if, right now, one of Mount Hua’s disciples picked a fight with the guests and ended up hitting them?

Chung Myung would go insane and throw the disciple off the cliff. But weren’t his sahyung in the past weaker than Chung Myung? So, he must have felt so frustrated inside.

‘Ah, that… I apologize.’

Chung Myung cleared his throat as he felt a new sense of shame.

And he looked forward.

A crowd of people gathered in front of the newly done Mount Hua pavilions, and a few Mount Hua disciples with Tang family members were busy running around, filling out the guest entrance book and managing those who stepped in.

‘I feel strange somehow.’

He couldn’t help but think of the time he climbed Mount Hua after being born again.

The Mount Hua he saw after stepping in was nothing but a crumbling gate, so different from now.

It held no life then, and he didn’t even feel the emotions of Taoism either. The buildings were on the verge of collapse, and the faces of those guarding had no presence either.

How could it be expressed in words, the feelings he felt when he saw that half-destroyed Mount Hua turn into an entire ruin?

But people were now flocking to Mount Hua again.

Chung Myung rubbed the tip of his wrinkled nose and then stood tall.

“Everyone seems busy, so I should help them out, too!”

It was the moment he was about to walk towards the guests.

Chung Myung turned around as someone was holding his hand and noticed that Tang Pae had an awkward smile.

“That… ah, father said… he said that in the future, Mount Hua will have experiences similar to this, and as the head of the alliance, many events will be held too.”

“So… Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, it was said that it would be better to just check on how the situation is going instead of doing some small things…”

“Well, I am saying you should step up when something big happens! Only when something big happens!”

Chung Myung narrowed his eyes and glanced at Tang Pae.

And Tang Pae looked the other way with an awkward smile.

“The Tang family head ordered this?”

Time has passed and Mount Hua also changed, but the treatment that Chung Myung got hadn’t changed from before.

‘Now the Tang family is doing this! Oh my!’

Even so, Chung Myung was proving that he had also grown in his own way. In the past, he would have shouted, ‘How dare you try to spy on me?’ and broken the head right there, but now? Just a glance?

‘Even I have gotten kinder.’

If this continued, he would soon climb the mountain of kindness.

-You will say bullshit with all your heart too.

Chung Myung took a deep breath and looked ahead. Then he tilted his head.

“But something feels odd.”

“There are so many warriors who fight as soon as they make eye contact, but there is no noise here.”

“Hahaha. You are kidding, right?”

Tang Pae laughed lowly and said,

“Those who step in here are all those who want to look good in front of Mount Hua and the Heavenly Friends Alliance. It would be natural for such people to not misbehave in a place where everyone is gathered for something good.”

“Ah, isn’t that usually the case?”

“…is something strange?”

“No… rather than calling it strange….”

Chung Myung looked at the distant sky.

-No, you bastard! We invite people and then treat them like this? Come on, bring that board down! Everyone, come here, this bastard is! I already feel like it’s just the clothes, but the head doesn’t fit for Taoism, and today I will bring the entire sect down! Will you not come here!?

Sorry, sahyung. I didn’t realize all that…

Chung Myung quickly lowered his head before another curse came from the sky.

And his face contorted.

“There are so many guests, but why hasn’t the Nanman Beast Palace arrived yet? Is he walking slow because he is huge?”

“Haha… isn’t the Beast Palace quite far away, though? We did send them an invite in advance, so they will be here before the main ceremony.”

“Tsk, they should have arrived sooner.”

Chung Myung clicked his tongue and was about to complain but then came this loud sound from the mountain gate.

As he was about to see what it was, someone shouted.

“Peng family! The Hubei Peng family has arrived!”

Chung Myung was filled with a bit of anger as the name came.

“I sent an invitation, but I didn’t think they would come.”

But the problem didn’t end there.

“Qingcheng! Qingcheng sect has come!”

“Isn’t that the Beggars Union? Right, it is them! Beggars Union has come, too!”

“Ohh! Kongtong! The Kongtong sect has come too!”

Chung Myung also exclaimed a couple of times at the familiar names that came from here and there.

“The big ones are coming.”

Tang Pae grabbed Chung Myung by the sleeve and dragged him with a determined expression.

“I don’t think this is the time! Let us head to the gate!”

“Those with a name need to be treated right. There’s no need for the sect leader to come and personally greet them, but it’s better for someone with a nice reputation to come ahead and greet the guests. The reputation of Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon would be better. Hurry!”

“Eukk. So bothersome.”

Chung Myung, being dragged by Tang Pae, moved towards the gate.

Everyone who was waiting to fill out the guestbook and enter Mount Hua made way for the big ones. And along with the open path, members of the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Clans came in, walking proudly.

Chung Myung stood straight in front of the gate.

‘Is Tang Pae insane or something?’

‘What is he thinking?’

The disciples of Mount Hua, who were busy guiding the visitors inside, were shocked at this sight and went stiff.

No, Chung Myung was supposed to be thrown into a corner, but this man, Tang Pae, was taking him to the center of the place.

‘That is what! We need to sort this!’

‘Elder! Where have the elders gone!’

Chung Myung calmly brought both hands together and took a bow.

“Welcome to Mount Hua. Thank you for the hard work you went through to come all this way.”

Baek Cheon, who had turned pale, slowly opened his mouth.

The other Five Swords next to him were also lost at this.

“…see that? Chung Myung spoke like a real human.”

“And he didn’t speak informally either?”

“…is that what politeness is?”

It might have been a natural thing for those who didn’t know Chung Myung, but everyone who knew him was shocked.

Even his form when bowing was amazing. To a stranger, he would seem like a nice disciple of a prestigious sect who received great discipline.

“A n-no. There is nothing wrong with that, though.”

Those who received greetings looked at Chung Myung with bright expressions in their eyes.

“I am Peng Ak, an elder of the Peng family. May I know who you are?”

“It is an honor to meet you, Elder. My name is Chung Myung, the third-class disciple of Mount Hua.”

“Oh? So, you are Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon? The best warrior of the recent disciples?”

Chung Myung smiled as he shook his head.

“All that is a lie. Hearing such words from an elder of the Peng family has made me so shy that I cannot raise my head.”

“Hahah. As I heard, you are a skilled person!”

Baek Cheon’s fists were clenching at this.

“… I’d rather he make a fuss now….”

“D-don’t open your eyes, sasuk!”

“What wrong did that bastard do?”

As they looked at Chung Myung, this perfect-looking child, they had no idea how evil he was, and they felt upset at the thought of his acts.

‘That disgusting bastard….’

They should be glad that he didn’t make any mistake, so why were they feeling so upset?

However, despite the quiet cries, Chung Myung didn’t erase the elegant and gentle smile as if it were painted on his face.

“Please come inside. The sect leader was looking forward to this.”

“That is a generous thing for you to say. Then, will you help us get close to the sect leader andgreet him?”

“It would be my honor.”

He waved his fist again and turned around.

The guests spoke quietly as they watched Chung Myung walk proudly.

“I heard he has a bit of an eccentric nature… but I don’t think so?”

“Aren’t the rumors in Kangho all exaggerated?”

“I understand why Mount Hua is famous. Their devotion to the nature of Taoism is amazing.”

At that moment, the people following tilted their heads at the strange noise that came. But Chung Myung continued to speak as if nothing happened. However, his ears and the nape of his neck were red.

“Let me greet him first.”

He was leading the Peng family, those who visited Mount Hua.

Peng Ak, who looked around, frowned.

‘Why do the disciples of Mount Hua have that expression?’

For some reason, their expressions were grim and angry. Peng Ak, unable to understand the reason, just tilted his head.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.