Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“I greet the sect leader.”

Peng Ak, polite by nature, greeted Hyun Jong and then slowly turned to face Tang Gunak.

“Hope you have been well, Lord Tang.”

Tang Gunak nodded slightly.

Since the Hubei Peng family and the Sichuan Tang family both belonged to the Five Great Families, there was bound to be friction. So, Tang Gunak knew the man, Peng Ak.

“I think it feels different from when I met you in Sichuan Tang.”

It meant that the Sichuan Tang, which actually belonged to the Five Great Families, had decided to come here without any consultation with the others. But Tang Gunak ignored Peng Ak’s words.

The eyes of Peng Ak shone darkly at those words.

‘I have no idea what you are thinking.’

He had felt it before, but the nature of Tang Gunak wasn’t easy to deal with.

At that moment, Hyun Jong was the first to speak.

“I know you came first, but I do appreciate you giving up your time.”

Peng Ak shook his head.

“That is because we have a lot to share, so do not worry about that.”

“Have a lot to share…”

He had met a few of those who came to represent the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families. Still, most of them only offered light congratulations and didn’t reveal their true feelings.

“It is my pleasure.”

“Well, I don’t know. I wonder if this is something he would be willing to go ahead with.”

Peng Ak smiled and turned to Tang Gunak.

“Having a blind eye is a nice thing. It might be a breath of fresh air for Kangho, too, which has been so stuck with the nine sects and five families.”

Tang Gunak looked at Peng Ak in silence.

“But I don’t think that Lord Tang doesn’t know the impact this will have.”

Peng Ak’s gaze was firm.

“The head of the Hubei Peng family is also expressing great concern about the movements of the Tang family. No matter what the Lord’s intentions are, wouldn’t it be perceived from the outside as the Tang family distancing themselves from the Five Great Families and aligning with the Heavenly Friends Alliance?”

Tang Gunak had a light smile on his lips.

“It doesn’t have to seem like that.”

Peng Ak couldn’t hide his shocked expression at this.

“Are you being serious?”

“The Lord isn’t an amazing person, but I sure know that I am not one to lie.”

Peng Ak’s eyes narrowed at this.

“So, are you declaring that the Sichuan Tang family is stepping back from the Five Great Families?”

“I will declare it if I have to.”

Tang Gunak maintained a calm gaze, his eyes seeming to pierce through the body.

Peng Ak’s face stiffened at that. If anyone other than Tang Gunak had said it, he would have shouted at them right then.

The position of the Sichuan Tang family and the dignity of the man called Tang Gunak was so high that he couldn’t act rashly.

Hyun Jong, who was observing all this, quietly pushed the teacup towards the man.

“This is Yunnan tea. It will not be a bad thing for you to start controlling your mind.”

Peng Ak chewed his lip and looked at the teacup. Gazing at the steaming tea, he bowed lightly.

“I apologize for getting swayed there.”

“Who can blame you for being concerned about your family? It is alright.”

Tang Gunak was trying to overwhelm him, and Hyun Jong was trying to ease him.

Peng Ak sighed. Even though he, an elder of the Peng family, was at a loss with this Alliance, he didn’t have a tough time understanding how the small and medium sects were feeling.

‘This is not normal.’

The Peng family was aware of the Heavenly Friends Alliance from the beginning. However, they didn’t pay much attention to it because they believed it wouldn’t pose a threat to the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families.

If the Alliance were to fail, the Tang family’s status among the Five Great Families would also decline, making it easier for the Peng family to benefit.

‘Who would have thought that a couple of months could bring about such change?’

The phrase ‘In a bad state’ seemed to lose its meaning.

Yet, the reputation of Mount Hua skyrocketed in just a few months.

Since they quelled the civil unrest in the Green Forest and triumphed in the spar against Wudang, the world would inevitably recognize the name of Mount Hua.

Recently, there were even rumors about Mount Hua trading with the North Sea and talks of the North Sea joining the Alliance.

Shaolin couldn’t achieve that in the North Sea. And if those rumors proved true, then the status of Mount Hua would be significantly elevated.

Peng Ak sighed and said,

“From what you know, we are people who don’t know how to hold our tongues.”

Tang Gunak maintained his stance.

Among the five families, the Peng family was the most impatient. The other family clans were polite to one another. They observed the situation, but the fact that the Peng family started speaking the moment they saw him indicated their impatience.

“Until now, Kangho had regarded this alliance as nothing more than a union of the western part of the Central Plains.”

“That wouldn’t be so wrong.”

Tang Gunak spoke calmly. But Peng Ak didn’t back down easily.

“Even if it is the same alliance, the meaning changes depending on who participates in it, and even if the same ones join, wouldn’t the status of the alliance change depending on their stature?”

“Right now, the status of the Heavenly Friends Alliance is too high.”

Peng Ak made a groan and then continued.

“The Peng family lord is concerned that the Heavenly Friends Alliance will shake the balance of power.”

Tang Gunak calmly looked at the Peng family.

“You said a little while back that Peng doesn’t sway, but it seems like Elder Peng doesn’t seem to follow it.”

“What you are concerned about right now isn’t the chaos in Kangho, but the fact that the Kangho split in two now would end up fighting, right?”

Tang Gunak shook his head without having to listen to the answer.

“I am aware of the concerns your family has, but I have no intentions of swaying from my decision because of it.”

“Then… you really are declaring to go against the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families?”

When Peng Ak asked him again, Hyun Jong, who was there, answered on behalf of Tang Gunak.

“That question feels strange.”

“… how do you mean?”

“How can leaving the Five Great Families be considered as us becoming hostile to the Five Great Families?”

“Creating an alliance other than the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families doesn’t mean to be hostile to the two forces. From what you said, aren’t the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families also hostile to one another then?”

“I didn’t mean it like that….”

Hyun Jong smiled brightly and then continued.

“I believe that forming this new Alliance of Heavenly Friends will help Kangho. For that purpose, I move for this.”

“What you are concerned about will not happen, so you don’t have to worry too much about it.”

The words were so soft and calm that he couldn’t speak back any longer.

But there was this firmness within him which made it impossible for him to say anything else. In the end, there was nothing Peng Ak could do other than sigh.

“I understand the meaning behind the sect leader’s words. I also understand the intention of the Lord.”

“But you know it too, strength isn’t something you achieve through will and hope alone. No matter what the intentions of the two are, Kangho will not view this Alliance with kind eyes.”

“Please know that I don’t wish ill upon you when saying this. Perhaps, the existence of this Alliance might lead to the downfall of Mount Hua and the Tang family.”

Tang Gunak’s eyes went dark at those words, but Hyun Jong continued to smile.

“I thank you for the concern you’ve shown.”

“But in this world, there is a path everyone must take, even if it sometimes brings difficulties. Even if I have to endure that tough path, how can I hesitate if it is the path I need to take?”

Peng Ak couldn’t speak further and just looked at Hyun Jong.

“Rather, do inform Lord Peng. The door to our Alliance is always open, and it isn’t limited to the sects of the west alone. If he ever changes his mind, do come visit us.”

“… I will make sure to say exactly that.”

Peng Ak silently bowed from where he sat.

“I once again congratulate you on this new start. Our family will stay here until the ceremony comes to an end and greet you once again when leaving.”

“Then, it would be most nice. Please also express my gratitude to the Peng family for gracing us with your presence.”

Peng Ak stood up and headed out. Still, he looked back before closing the door with a bit of regret.

Tang Gunak was strong. He was a person who didn’t need much to be told.

Of course, strength was good, being strong was good because Kangho was where the strong ruled. However, the problem was that Tang Gunak wasn’t only strong but also had a strong nature.

Those who were recklessly strong tended to cause chaos. If the leader of the Heavenly Friends Alliance were Tang Gunak, then Peng Ak wouldn’t worry about the existence of the Heavenly Friends Alliance.

He was an unprecedented individual who completely dominated. He revived a family related by blood, but he wasn’t someone who could unite those with differing interests.

‘Mount Hua… if it is Mount Hua.’

Hyun Jong was different.

Even though Peng Ak initially spat out quite sharp words, Hyun Jong never once lost his gentleness and calmness.

A person who had developed great strength and ascended to the position of leader naturally needed to be strong. Even if one wasn’t like that daily, they would quickly become accustomed to flattery and praise from those around them and would listen to even minor criticisms with anger.

What if Tang Gunak suppressed other sects by force, and Hyun Jong managed to coax and lead them?

‘Maybe the full potential of the Heavenly Friends Alliance isn’t even realized yet.’

Peng Ak sighed and then walked away.

‘I guess I need to speak to the lord about this.’

Hyun Jong and Tang Gunak, who were left in the room, looked at each other.

“I am sure it isn’t just the Peng family alone.”

“I think so too, sect leader. Although not everyone speaks out, there are probably less than three-tenths of those who came here genuinely welcoming the Alliance. If we limit ourselves to those who are considered prestigious, then it wouldn’t be a good job.”

“Haha. I have work to do. All this makes me realize what a rough path we have chosen.”

It wasn’t an easy thing. Because this was a rebellion against the actual order the world was running on.

“Nevertheless, many came.”

“That means we cannot ignore this, even if we don’t want to think about it.”

Tang Gunak had a bitter smile.

“Now, all we have to do is show them that the Heavenly Friends Alliance is a more formidable place than they thought. This initiation ceremony is for that purpose.”

“I know very well what you mean, Lord Tang. But… I still do not get it. Am I capable of taking on such a responsibility?”

“If the sect leader isn’t in charge, no one can become the leader.”

“Even if we put everything aside….”

Tang Gunak looked at the door with a confused look.

“If the sect leader were to step down from that position, wouldn’t there be one person out there who could chase you with both the sword and their mouth not stopping?”

“… I would be lucky if a knife found its way to me.”

The two people laughed and looked at each other.

“Like you said, this is something that needs to be done.”

“I believe in the sect leader and in Mount Hua, so, Mount Hua, please trust our Tang family.”

Hyun Jong smiled softly at Tang Gunak’s serious words.

“Who would I not trust if not the Tang family? We request your continued support.”

The two people lightly held hands.

Suddenly, there was a loud noise, which made both of them turn their eyes to the ceiling.

“Yah, you bastard! I told you not to climb onto the roof of the sect leader’s residence!”

“Come here! Come down here!? Ack, damn it!”

A lot of things were happening.

The two people thought that perhaps the biggest enemy for the Heavenly Friends Alliance wasn’t the Nine Great Sects or the Five Great Families.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.