Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Yang Kyung’s body twitched profusely as he lay there, blood pouring from his nose like a waterfall.

Those who had been staring with dark looks began to come to their senses.

‘What did I just witness?’

Viewed from the perspective of the entire Kangho, he might not be considered famous, but in the Hunan region, he was known to hold his own fame. The clan he led, the Clear White Clan, was not one to be underestimated either.

‘No, wait, did someone kick him in the face?’

‘Is Yang Kyung that weak?’

‘C-can they even do this?’

When people witnessed something that made no sense, they didn’t care about what was right or wrong. The fact that Chung Myung took down the man with a single hit, Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, who was, without exaggeration, the most famous Taoist in Mount Hua, suddenly doing this to a guest was what shocked them all.

“This… this is insane….”

Jo Gul could only stutter, words failing him.

The disciples of Mount Hua, who stood behind him, couldn’t speak and just watched Chung Myung with trembling eyes.

‘That messed up guy.’

‘As expected of Chung Myung. He didn’t even look back once when he chose to rush ahead.’

‘Just what did he go through to grow up like that?’

The other disciples might have been just shocked, but Jo Gul couldn’t stop being shocked.

“A-ah… no… this insane bastard… woah… for real….”

Chung Myung spoke calmly to Jo Gul, who couldn’t find the words.

“Kick that bastard out and then sprinkle some salt on him too.”

“Seriously pathetic, tsk!”

Right, Chung Myung. He agreed with his sentiments.

“How can we just kick a guest out! You insane idiot!”

“Guests? My ass! I will never accept such a guest!”

“No, at least figure out what’s happening before you hit someone! You bastard, why does your body have to move before your head works?”

“Because it’s probably all shit. And when I listen to such shit, it hurts my ears.”

Right! And what that man said was surely shit!

“A-apologize quickly!”

“If you hit a guest, you need to apologize! If you are the owner, it’s obvious!”

Chung Myung looked at Jo Gul as if asking, ‘Does that nonsense make sense now?’.

“I don’t get it. If I am the owner, then why should I apologize?”

“Aren’t they the ones who came to congratulate us on the initiation of the Heavenly Friends Alliance?”

“That’s what I’m saying. They came to congratulate me. I’m the owner, so why should I apologize?”

Jo Gul had no idea where to start explaining this. In the end, unable to speak, Jo Gul just stood there. Chung Myung calmly said,

“If you are a guest, and you are rude or talk badly, then you get punished.”

Honestly, Jo Gul wanted to clap. It felt like this clean stream of water was flowing down the deep mountain valleys inside his body.

But he wasn’t someone to enjoy this; he was the one who had to sort this out.

“You cannot do that!”

And he continued with a bit of a pale face.

“Aren’t they the ones who came to wish us well? Then we have to treat them well and send them back…”

Chung Myung tilted his head as if it was odd.

“Sahyung, are you an idiot or something?”

“We are the ones holding this; why should we care?”

Chung Myung’s face wasn’t calm anymore.

“No, if I was going to worry about what others thought, I wouldn’t have even done it! If that were the case, it would be better to live in Mount Hua by ourselves and do what we want! We became stronger because we managed to create ties, so why are you worrying about what others think? It’s an alliance to beat up the bastards I don’t like!”

“What? That was the reason you formed the alliance?”

No, even if that was the reason, what was he supposed to do if Chung Myung decided to announce it to so many people? This idiot!

“If you cheat, kick them! Smash their heads!”

Jo Gul thought he knew this. No, he believed he knew enough about this guy.

But sometimes, quite often actually, he understood this bastard perfectly.

‘This guy is crazier than I can imagine. You are completely insane.’

He couldn’t tell whether this was a thought he had before rushing in or after. The problem was, either way, Chung Myung was terrifying.

At that moment, Yang Kyung, who had fallen to the ground, began to rise.

No matter how obscure a small or medium sect or clan was, it was unthinkable for the clan leader to be taken out by a third-class disciple. But now, it wasn’t just the disciples of Mount Hua who witnessed this, but everyone.

Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon who had defeated an elder of Wudang.

Yang Kyung groaned, holding onto his bleeding nose.

It was fortunate he couldn’t see his own face, considering how a large footprint had bruised it.

He glared at Chung Myung with bloodshot eyes. The people around him gulped, sensing the killing intent in his voice. Yang Kyung looked like he was about to attack at any moment.

However, the person on the receiving end didn’t seem to think much of it.

“What are you mumbling? Can’t see right from those eyes? Idiot!”

Oh, heavenly lord. No matter how they looked at it, this child could not be a Taoist.

Do something! Please!

Yang Kyung gritted his teeth, suppressing his anger. Looking at his trembling hand, it was easy to guess how much he was holding back.

He shouted as if forcing his anger out.

“This! Is this how Mount Hua treats other sects? Like this!?”

At his shout, the eyes of Mount Hua’s disciples shone.

“I don’t get this. Does that bastard really wish to be kicked?”

“Endure it, Chung Myung! No more now!”

“You bastard! If you hit any further, there will be no turning back!”

“Catch him! Catch that idiot now!”

The disciples rushed in and grabbed hold of Chung Myung.

“Let go! Didn’t I say to let go? Stop this now!”

Chung Myung growled as if he was about to pounce, but many disciples of Mount Hua were holding him back.

Surely, this was an ordinary happening in Mount Hua. Everyone who saw such a scene for the first time couldn’t believe it.

‘This is a Taoist sect?’

‘I think all the former Taoists would be dead by now?’

‘The Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon is of such nature?’

‘Why is a marten grabbing a person?’

When it came to the world around them, the sect which had been talked about was Mount Hua. This was a moment when Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, who was most talked about in Kangho for his future capabilities, who was considered to be the best among disciples, was displayed to the world.

“No, let go. I will not hit. Ahh, I said I won’t hit him!”

“But you will still hit him!”

“When did I ever say I won’t hit and then hit someone? Have I said two things with the same mouth?”

“Too many times, you bastard!”

Yang Kyung, who looked at the disciples in shock, eventually couldn’t stop his anger and shouted.

“Are you messing with me right now?”

Hearing that thunderous voice, the disciples all turned to Yang Kyung.

“I will tell the events of what happened today to my comrades and friends in Kangho! Mount Hua persecutes the weak and powerless! I will say they are rude, that they take down the guests who come to congratulate them.”

Chung Myung snorted.

“There is no use regretting it now! I will never accept an apology!”

“I said, of course.”

“You bastard who doesn’t understand words!”

Chung Myung looked shocked.

“Do whatever you want, you moron! Who even stopped you?”

Yang Kyung flinched and was at a loss for words. At this point, he had thought the disciple would step back and give in, but instead, he was shouting back, too.

‘Just who is this bastard?’

If he had any sense, he would have realized the serious trouble he was getting into. Anyone who made a mistake in a moment of short temper soon realized their mistake and stepped back.

But even when this disciple did that, instead of stepping back, he was getting more angry?

“Can you handle what comes after?”

“Why do you care about that? It is my duty to handle it.”

“You must be a person with the kindest heart. Why are you so worried about our work? And! If you were going to be this kind, you should have acted so from the start! Why are you pretending to be now in this disgusting manner! I will rip the blood out of the head!”

Chung Myung had become nicer; now, he no longer crushed and hit heads. He just made them bleed.

“It is over, so get out now. You are free to say and do whatever you want.”

Since things weren’t going as planned, Yang Kyung looked back to seek help, aiming to bring in the people watching.

But the eyes he turned to all gazed away. It was as if they didn’t want to be involved anymore.

Weren’t they the ones who raised their voices on the side a little while ago? But why were they turning their gazes away like this now?

This was because Yang Kyung overlooked one fact.

Those gathered here had already felt the strength of Mount Hua, and yet, the reason they could speak back a little was because they thought Mount Hua would never touch them, if only for the sake of the event.

But even that guess was completely wrong from the kick that Chung Myung gave.

Mount Hua was no longer a small sect in Shaanxi.

In terms of power, it might not be like the Nine Great Sects, but in terms of influence, it was incomparable to the sects of the Nine Great Sects.

What kind of sect in the world could make two of the Five Palaces, which ruled like kings, bow their heads?

As the situation turned back, Yang Kyung gritted his teeth.

“In that case, can we say that Mount Hua protects the outsiders and not the Central Plains clans?”

And he brought out his hidden card.

If he was a member of the Central Plains, then they wouldn’t answer this question without thought. If rumors went around that a sect in the Central Plains was defending the outside sects, it would be bad for their reputation.

But the answer that came back was entirely out of understanding.

“So what will you do?”

The eyes of Yang Kyung trembled.

“T-the Mount Hua is…”

“No, this bastard has been asking the obvious things since a while back. Why do I have to protect you from the Ice Palace and Beast Palace when it was you who did wrong?”

“Outsiders, insiders, my ass! Come here and call them barbarians one more time in front of me, and I will skin you alive!”

“S-such an outrageous act…”

“What? Outrageous? Haa, fine. Shall I show you what outrageous means?”

The disciples of Mount Hua, who were a bit calm, were scared once again and held onto Chung Myung.

“Ah! Stop messing with this guy!”

“Y-You cannot do that! Can you not see!”

The disciples of Mount Hua realized that no positive response would come from Chung Myung, so they shouted for Yang Kyung this time.

Yang Kyung stood, confused, not knowing what to do.

“What is happening?”

At the sound of a low voice, the people all split to the side, left and right, and Hyun Jong walked slowly along the path.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.