Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The people who had stayed at Hua-Um the night before began to climb Mount Hua as soon as the sun rose.

All of the faces filling the street were flushed with excitement.

‘Finally, today has come!’

These were the people who dared to come all the way to Mount Hua to witness the initiation of the Heavenly Friends Alliance with their own eyes.

Of course, there were surely those who came just to look at Mount Hua, but many more were intrigued by the thought that the opening of the Heavenly Friends Alliance would bring a significant change to Kangho.

Yesterday, like today, many people climbed the mountain, but there was a difference. Among the crowd, there were people who were not from Kangho.

“No matter how many times I climb this, it always remains just as steep.”

On a palanquin surrounded by warriors, Hwang Mun-Yak burst into laughter. Then, he stared at the narrow mountain path. Hwang Jongi, who was walking next to the palanquin, said,

“It seems more difficult to climb because it is crowded with people moving to the same place.”

“There are so many people willing to climb such a difficult path; doesn’t this show the stature of Mount Hua right now?”

Hwang Mun-Yak’s face was filled with emotion. In the past, when he climbed the path to make the first deal with Mount Hua, there was no one on the path.

After that, when he climbed Mount Hua again, he was with the influential people of Shaanxi, but even they held no expectations about Mount Hua.

And a few years have passed since then.

‘It would be right to say ‘a change in heaven and earth’ rather than ‘a change of luck’.’

“A lot has changed.”

“Isn’t it because of Father’s insight that brought this? I don’t understand even now. How did you see potential in Mount Hua back then?”

“Hahaha. That is such a misunderstanding.”

Hwang Mun-Yak burst into laughter at the doubtful face of Hwang Jongi.

“I indeed had hoped for Mount Hua, but I never imagined that this would be the growth.”

Hwang Mun-Yak shook his head, yet he still smiled.

“Normal merchants invest in goods and money, but to become a merchant lord, one has to know how to invest money in the future and the value it holds then, not in the present.”

“Yes, Father. I understand.”

“In that sense, I guess I am not a proper merchant yet. If I had known that Mount Hua would become such a place, I would have invested all my money in it. Tsk. Even though I had a jewel right in front of me, I couldn’t even realize its worth.”

Hwang Jongi smiled bitterly at his father’s words.

Hwang Mun-Yak and the Eunha Merchant Union made significant money thanks to their investment in Mount Hua. However, this could not be considered a benefit compared to the trading lines created through Mount Hua.

What was important wasn’t to get money right away but the fact that they had a future where they could make profits for the decades to come. That was a value which was incomparable to the present situation.

It was the most profitable transaction, which could be called the greatest achievement in the history of the Eunha Merchant Union. But even so, Hwang Mun-Yak held some regrets about it.

“Even so, I am glad.”

“With making money?”

“No, the fact that Mount Hua is doing well.”

Hwang Mun-Yak looked at Hwang Jongi with an odd look.

“That is quite strange for a merchant.”

“I am not as good as Father, but I have also lived as a merchant for a long time.”

His gaze turned to the mountain.

“All this while, I have met many people and conducted many transactions with them. Sometimes, we need to follow a story, sometimes follow people, and follow the flow too.”

Hwang Mun-Yak nodded.

Hwang Jongi was surely not young. Considering his age, it wouldn’t be shocking if Hwang Mun-Yak retired right now and stood back as the former lord.

“But it is quite odd.”

“Even though it has been years, it isn’t very often one gets to meet the Mount Hua people who stay in the mountains and keep silent.”

“Right. Since they are Taoists.”

“But strangely enough, I feel at ease when I see Mount Hua.”

Hwang Jongi quietly smiled.

“It isn’t because I am looking at the Taoists who have problems. I have met people from other Taoist sects besides Mount Hua many times. But in my opinion, those of Mount Hua are so different.”

“Well, it is tough to place exactly, but sometimes they seem foolish, sometimes reckless, and most of the time they do absurd things, and sometimes they are right and yet without oddness…”

Hwang Jongi, who was a bit silent, shook his head as if he couldn’t say something.

“It might be something I shouldn’t say as a merchant, but I like Mount Hua people. Maybe that is why I feel happy when the status of Mount Hua is rising with each day.”

Hwang Mun-Yak, who was listening, laughed.

“You, man. You are a great merchant.”

Hwang Mun-Yak looked at Hwang Jongi with kindness.

“Did you say that a wealthy merchant is someone who knows how to invest in the future?”

“Right. That is what I said.”

“But that alone cannot be enough.”

Hwang Mun-Yak spoke with a smile.

“There is a saying in the merchant world, ‘He who gains money becomes a merchant, but he who gains hearts becomes a merchant lord’.”

“If you really want to surpass me, never forget that. If you treat one with sincerity, they will treat us back in the same way. An exchange made with honest feelings, not just outsider words, will one day make you a great merchant.”

“I will keep that in mind, father.”

In response to the clear answer, Hwang Mun-Yak smiled and nodded.

He knew it, too. He was becoming mature.

He wanted to watch Mount Hua spread its influence across the world for the coming time, but now it was difficult for him to keep pace with it anymore.

Generations passed and were replaced. Now, it was time for him to hand over his management to Hwang Jongi, too.

Even if he still needed to learn things, even if he had lingering feelings, one must know when to back down and trust someone. Didn’t Mount Hua teach that?

What future would they create? What would the future of Mount Hua and the Eunha Merchant Guild look like?

“Let us proceed with patience. We need to arrive there before it’s too late. It is the day when Mount Hua rises to the top of the world, so why should our Eunha be late to it?”

Hwang Jongi answered swiftly and then began to walk briskly.

Hwang Mun-Yak, who arrived at the mountain gate, nodded.

“It has been well prepared.”

“Nothing much has been done. The Sichuan Tang Family helped renovate the place.”

“Everyone just needs to do what they can.”

As soon as they entered the gate, they saw the wide training ground and the pavilion buildings behind it, and to the left and right, everything came into view. The appearance of everything collapsing around was no more.

A large new podium was built in front of the pavilion, and on the left and right, there were tables placed for the guests.

Hwang Mun-Yak, who gestured, got off the palanquin slowly.

“You can go till there with the palanquin…”

“No, that will not happen. Where is the place to use the palanquin here? The moment a merchant forgets manners, he ends.”

“I will keep that in mind.”

“And Mount Hua still gave this old man permission, so how can I not be happy? Let us go.”

As he approached, the prepared spot looked nice, which made him happy, and he saw familiar faces.

“Welcome, merchant lord.”

“Elder, it has been a while.”

Hwang Mun-Yak held the hand of Hyun Young.

Hyun Young, the finance hall leader, and Hwang Mun-Yak, the owner of the Eunha Merchant Guild, had many conversations and made numerous transactions.

“Congratulations on the founding of the alliance. I am happy to see Mount Hua change so much.”

“It is all thanks to the merchant lord and his help to Mount Hua. These are absolutely not empty words. Everyone in Mount Hua is grateful to the lord.”

“Hahaha. I think we’re leaving one person out.”

“… Well, that is true, but….”

Surely, as soon as Chung Myung hears this, he would say, ‘They should be thankful to us, why are we thankful to them! Someone helped them make money!’ He would scream that out at the top of his lungs.

‘Well, it isn’t wrong either.’

Hwang Mun-Yak laughed as if he could hear that voice in his ears.

Chung Myung, who was his best benefactor, was the man who came rolling to Hwang Mun-Yak. Even if Chung Myung came and grabbed him by the beard, he would still smile.

“And the sect leader?”

“It is a bit difficult to meet in person since he is preparing for the ceremony, but come this way. We have prepared a place for you.”

“That all is… I am also a person who knows my duty. If you can give me at least a last place, that would be good enough.”

“It will never happen like that! How can you say that our merchant lord would get the last seat? No way! Come here!”

Hyun Young dragged Hwang Mun-Yak away.

Even though Hyun Young didn’t study martial arts earnestly, he was still one who had learned it. And old Hwang Mun-Yak, who didn’t study at all, couldn’t overcome that strength at all.

Hyun Young dragged Hwang Mun-Yak to the front seat near the podium. Hwang Mun-Yak was shocked.

“Now, now, elder! This place is…”

Next to and behind him were the Nine Sects and Five Families. It was scary to sit in the same position with them, especially at the front table.

It was really too much to have this place. Hwang Mun-Yak felt a bit confused, too, and he begged Hyun Young.

“E-elder. Please let me go to the back seat.”

“That will not happen! How can we prepare a place in the back for our most valued guest?”

“Well, it is because I feel uncomfortable. And now that I am old, I want to sit in a place which doesn’t make my heart pound.”

“Behind! The back is enough for me! If you have a bit of care for me, please do that.”

“I understand. Haa, the sect leader will be angry at this.”

“I will talk to him about that, so please.”

Hwang Mun-Yak, who barely managed to hold back the sweating, fell down into the chair with a loss of energy. After touching his chest and taking deep inhales, he sighed as if he had calmed down. And without realizing it, he burst into laughter.

People always had to change. In the end, since it was created by people who came together, the same applied to the sects.

In the past, when he climbed Mount Hua for the first time, he must have been a guest of importance. But could he be such an important guest to Mount Hua right now?

He was a merchant and surely knew a lot about the world.

Even if the current Mount Hua had taken him to a lower place instead of the top ones, he wouldn’t have been dissatisfied.

But the head table, at the very front.

As he climbed up, he remembered what Hwang Jongi said.

“Stupid yet reckless… straight without any thought….”

In the end, Hwang Mun-Yak smiled.

‘So they are just nice people.’

He was able to realize just how lucky he was to form ties with Mount Hua.

Strong people were now filling the table in front of him.

Everyone gathered to celebrate the start of the alliance. Regardless of the intentions, some people have no choice but to come there.

Being able to invite those people and have them sit there showed the strength the Heavenly Friends Alliance has.

‘Such a large crowd.’

They were packed under the podium and to the left and right of the training hall without any gaps.

A strange feeling overflowed in Hwang Mun-Yak’s heart as he watched this. A lot of time had passed since he sat down, but the surroundings didn’t feel even a bit boring to him.

Along the path that had been secured in advance on the other side, the leaders of the alliance finally made their appearance, proudly.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.