Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The first-class disciples led the second-class disciples with a resolute look.

Their formation wasn’t as lined and disciplined as the Tang family’s, nor as sharp as the North Sea Ice Palace’s, nor as free as the Nanman Beast Palace’s. But the disciples at the forefront held a firm look.

It felt like looking into a deep lake.

Everyone gulped, watching it, and there were some exhales at the depth being conveyed without much effort.

‘I heard that Mount Hua’s first-class disciples aren’t much.’

‘Such nonsense. Well, how could the class below them get so famous if the first-class disciples weren’t properly brought up?’

‘Raising people to this extent is no easy task, and this is truly amazing!’

When a person creates a place, the place creates the person in return.

It was said that there were many sects in the world, but was there any sect that had such fruition as Mount Hua? The first-class disciples were those who endured the wrongs and rights in Mount Hua all their lives.

It was the young disciples who made a name for themselves in the world, but no one can deny the merit of the upper ones.

Behind the first-class disciples, Mount Hua’s second and third-class disciples appeared, each at some distance from one another.

“Righteous Sword of Mount Hua!”

“That man is the Righteous Sword of Mount Hua!”

Everyone nodded in admiration at the most dignified look of Baek Cheon walking, leading the second and third-class disciples.

“He defeated the Southern Edge Sect’s Jin Geum-Ryong and even defeated Wudang’s Jin Hyun!”

“Ah, is it him? Isn’t it said that he won an overwhelming victory against a first-class disciple in the spar against Wudang not too long back?”

“Such stupid words! That isn’t important at all! Isn’t the Righteous Sword of Mount Hua’s greatest achievement the act of defeating the Thousand People Clan’s Yeop Pyung! I don’t know who in his class is the strongest, but no one could have achieved what he did!”

“No! Isn’t it much more important that he played an important role in subjugating the bandits?”

“… I hadn’t thought about that, but after listening to you, I realize that he really did an amazing job up until now.”

The people of the Central Plains have realized it once again: how great Mount Hua was and how much effort they had put in.

“Seems like the rest of the Five Swords are behind him?”

“The Five Swords of Mount Hua, right? It has to be them!”

“From what the North Sea Ice Palace said, they went to the North Sea to stop the Demonic Sect from growing, right?”

“They are so young…”

People clicked their tongues as they saw Yu Yiseol, Yoon Jong, Jo Gul, and Chung Myung following Baek Cheon.

It was no exaggeration to call them the five who represented Mount Hua. They were always at the core of Mount Hua when it came to raising their reputation.

If one didn’t know Mount Hua, they might not realize, but those who knew about the sect would have to know about the Five Swords of Mount Hua.

Behind the five of them were the second and third-class disciples following in a line.

“The people of Mount Hua…”

Most of those who climbed this steep mountain came a long way to see them.

To put it bluntly, Mount Hua was still a sect that could not be called the best in the world. But, the reason why the Central Plains people couldn’t look down on it was because of Mount Hua.

When the time came for them to grow up and lead Mount Hua, who in the world would dare to ignore Mount Hua? What those gathered here came to see wasn’t the current Mount Hua but the Mount Hua of the future.

And now, before their eyes, was the future of Mount Hua.

The Central Plains people were all a bit in a trance at how the disciples moved and tried to look at everyone.

“Who is Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon?”

“He must be among the Five Swords of Mount Hua.”

The reputation of the Five Swords of Mount Hua was unparalleled. Still, it was impossible to discuss the current state of Mount Hua without mentioning Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.

The best of the future.

Now, even that title did not do him justice. One of them, who was looking around, shouted.

“He is Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon!”

“That person over there! The slightly smaller one!”

Chung Myung was walking quietly at the back of the Five Swords. At first glance, his posture wasn’t that straight, but his steps felt different to those who observed him.

If someone with little reputation and skills had displayed that, they would have all frowned. But Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon had already proven his skills to everyone in the world. So, that light gait seemed like the stride of a strong man.

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, known all through the world!”

“And he took down an elder of Wudang…”

“As expected! He looks different from a glance, too!”

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon! Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon!”

As the voices of the Central Plains people echoed around, Chung Myung glanced around and grinned.

“Kuak. Well, such an amazing man has stepped out now. Right, Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.”

But then, as if he was nervous, his smile began to waver a bit.

Yu Yiseol’s elbow struck the middle of Chung Myung’s body, which was smiling.

Chung Myung’s hand came down and then touched the side.

He turned his head to look at Yu Yiseol, who continued to walk as if nothing had happened.

“No, why did I have to be on her side…?”

Chung Myung’s lips, which trembled, went silent.

It wasn’t because he was conscious of her. It was because of the cold sensation making his back hurt.

Chung Myung, whose blood had drained, slowly turned around to see Tang Soso smiling brightly. A long needle, unseen by others, gently poked the back of Chung Myung.

Chung Myung, who noticed those eerie, sunken eyes despite the calm look, went silent and began to walk.

The Central Plains people who watched all this began to whisper and glance.

“… It is him, right?”

When even Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon appeared, the expectations of those watching them began to rise to the clouds.

The Sichuan Tang family, the North Sea Ice Palace, the Nanman Beast Palace, and even the appearance of Mount Hua. The sight of these four sects made their hearts pound and faces go red.

Finally, Mount Hua appeared and stood in the center.

Kangho’s famous guests, who were watching the scene from the head table, had to do their best to calm their stiff expressions.

Byup Gae tried to calm his mind by praying a bit, but the anxiety showed no signs of easing at all.

Seeing this made it all feel so real.

These were the sects with such strong individuality that it felt difficult to think they came together for a cause. But Byup Gae was able to discover the commonality among the sects.

The Sichuan Tang family was recognized throughout the world for its ability to assassinate. Still, it was also looked down upon for that very reason.

The Nanman Beast Palace held such influence over the South, and yet, it was despised because they were considered barbarians.

They built and lived in their own world in a distant, cold land, but the North Sea Ice Palace was too far from the Central Plains.

‘Even Mount Hua, which was once famous throughout the world, was entirely destroyed.’

They were all sects that were outside the actual principle of sects and didn’t have good feelings towards the Central Plains. Such people finally came together as one under the name of Mount Hua.

‘How can Kangho process this?’

The unpredictable future was so dark, and eventually, the place went silent. The gaze of the Central Plains people turned to the podium. It was obvious what the next thing would be, and the anticipation soared from there.

And as if they would not disappoint their expectations, 4 people walked up to the podium: the sect leader of Mount Hua.

Tang Gunak of Sichuan Tang.

Meng So of Nanman Beast Palace.

Seol So-Baek of North Sea Ice Palace.

The moment the leaders of the four sects, which formed the Heavenly Friends Alliance, stood there, everyone realized just how large they were. The leaders of such sects.

Among them, who were watching silently, Tang Gunak stepped forward.

Everyone gulped at his cold look.

Poison King Tang Gunak.

Among those gathered there, the one who could match their reputation was Tang Gunak. As such, there was no shortage of people who could announce this.

Tang Gunak looked at the people around and then said,

A low but strong voice that spread all over the summit of Mount Hua.

“I would like to express my gratitude to those of Kangho who came to grace us with their presence on the occasion of the opening of the Heavenly Friends Alliance along with us.”

It was a calm and yet relaxed voice that felt so strong.

Tang Gunak’s words caught the eyes of everyone.

“Mount Hua Sect, Sichuan Tang family, North Sea Ice Palace, Nanman Beast Palace. These are the four sects which will be gathering under the name of the Heavenly Friends Alliance and strive for the well-being and future of Kangho too. This is a place to show and declare to the Kangho people the will of four sects to join and start afresh as the Heavenly Friends Alliance.”

Tang Gunak glanced back.

“Without disagreement, the four sects elevated the Sect leader, Hyun Jong of Mount Hua, as the leader of the alliance. From this very moment, Mount Hua’s Hyun Jong will become the leader and lead the Heavenly Friends Alliance.”

As soon as he said that, everyone turned to Hyun Jong.

Everyone expected it to an extent, but hearing it declared was not the same. It was a moment when it became clear that the center of the Heavenly Friends Alliance would be Mount Hua.

Hyun Jong, capturing their attention from the start, took a deep breath and then stepped forward. Usually, this is followed by congratulations and praise, but this time, it felt calm, as if that wasn’t even necessary.

Tang Gunak took a step back, and Hyun Jong stood in the center.

“I, Hyun Jong, the sect leader of Mount Hua.”

Unlike the heavy voice of Tang Gunak, his voice was soft. And there was so much emotion in it that it made everyone feel at ease.

Hyun Jong bowed deeply and then held his stance. Everyone watching was shocked as he bowed too deeply, considering he was the leader of the alliance.

There were some people who flinched and tried to bow back but then soon realized this wasn’t right and sat back down.

‘So this is Hyun Jong…’

Some people sought power by looking ahead.

But Hyun Jong once again proved his status by bowing. Even though he now held a top position, he didn’t appear the least bit arrogant. It was clear what kind of person he was.

Hyun Jong straightened up and then smiled at everyone.

But before he could speak.

Among those lined up at the front, someone took a strong step forward. Not just those on the podium, but those watching the ceremony and those in line all turned to one place.

At the end of their gaze was Chung Myung.

He straightened up his body and held his hand upright.

“I greet the Alliance leader!”

And as soon as those words were finished, everyone who was lined up followed Chung Myung’s lead.

“We greet the Alliance leader!”

Hundreds of warriors shouted with the same force as him, making the entire mountain tremble. The force they felt made the hair rise on their bodies, and those watching Hyun Jong trembled.

They realized just how impressive this man was once again.

Hyun Jong looked at Chung Myung and smiled.

Chung Myung demonstrated the strength of the Heavenly Friends Alliance to the people around them and to Hyun Jong simultaneously.

Being humble was good, but one should not forget their position when representing others. This meant that humility was appropriate, but one should not diminish oneself excessively.

Hyun Jong nodded slightly, his eyes turning serious. Eventually, he spoke.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.