Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Im So-Byeong, who was dragged to a corner, looked at Chung Myung with a sad look. He was like a puppy that had been reprimanded.

But the eyes of Chung Myung and Baek Cheon, who were standing in front of him, were like knives. This made Im So-Byeong hesitate even more before speaking.

But before he could speak, a shout came, and Im So-Byeong flinched.

“… It isn’t because I have ill intent…”

“What, bastard? Ill intent? No ill intent? There is a limit to messing with other people’s tables! How dare an evil faction’s bastard come here!”

When Chung Myung closed his eyes, trying to control himself, Baek Cheon grabbed him from behind.

“C-Chung Myung! First, he is still the Green Forest King, so…”

“I need to hit him because he is the Green Forest King! If that person wasn’t the King of Green Forest, would I hit him?”

“… that is true, but.”

It had to be nonsense, but the situation ended up making him feel right.

“D-damn it! I saved the life of a human who would have died on his own if I let him then, and now he is coming back to kill me, on his own feet ah, no, I need to kill him! I have to pull his head out!”

“C-Chung Myung! C-calm down now!”

Baek Cheon glanced at Im So-Byeong. Actually, what Chung Myung said wasn’t wrong, and yet this man was the King of the Green Forest. A person of the highest stature. Regardless of the faction, it was true that his status was higher than that of a powerful warrior who sat at the top.

There was no way a person like that would feel nice about hearing such terms…

However, rather than showing off the disaster, Im So-Byeong just grinned and scratched the back of his head humbly.

“Isn’t that why I came here as such?”

And then he spoke with a serious face.

“I am not someone who lacks grace. I have received countless help from Mount Hua and Taoist Chung Myung, so how can I not congratulate them on this special day? The fact that I came… kyak!”

In the end, Im So-Byeong, who got kicked in the face by Chung Myung, fell back.

“What kind of man are you, you bastard! How dare you. A bandit considers himself a noble! If a bandit is a noble, then is there anyone in the world who would not be considered a Confucius?”

Im So-Byeong suddenly got up.

“Hahah! A noble isn’t bound by circumstances. No matter what situation one is in, if their heart is full of kindness, will, and wisdom, they can be called nobles… no, don’t kick me! Ehh!”

Chung Myung’s raised foot was caught by Baek Cheon.

“… ugh, Taoist Baek Cheon. Stop slowly bringing him one step closer and just hold him properly. It seems like you are getting closer to me.”

“… I apologize. I didn’t realize it.”

Baek Cheon, who lost all sympathy for Im So-Byeong, sighed and dragged Chung Myung back.

Chung Myung had lost it entirely, glaring at Im So-Byeong as if he wanted to bite his head off.

“It has been two days?”

“Yes, watching the people come and go brought peace to me… haha. Rather than being stuck up in the mountains, I feel like I need to meet and interact with people every now and then.”

Seeing Chung Myung’s face turn red, Baek Cheon was unsure and said.

“Green Forest King, y-you are a bit impatient. If we had known that the Green Forest King could come here, we wouldn’t have stayed still either….”

And it didn’t end there.

Of course, it was true that Mount Hua saved Green Forest. Still, no one would guess that they had favorable relationships, at least for those who came here to confirm with their own eyes the existence of the Heavenly Friends Alliance.

And wasn’t there a difference between assuming it and seeing it with their own eyes?

“Haha, that is a minor thing. Paying attention to every single thing… Uh? You cannot leave him! Taoist Baek Cheon! Your hand!”

The hand of Baek Cheon slowly loosened and then hesitantly held onto Chung Myung.

‘Grinding bamboo will yield nothing, I guess?’

Why did all the things involved with Mount Hua have to be like this?

“Yah! You! Yup! Eup!”

When Chung Myung was about to lose it, Im So-Byeong eventually got up. And as a last chance, he put the alcohol bottle in his hand into the mouth of Chung Myung.

“Now, now. Don’t be so angry. First, have a sip of this drink. Right, there you go! Oh! You are doing amazing! Drink, drink!”

As the alcohol began to go down, the tensed body of Chung Myung relaxed.

And what came out was just a happy sound from Chung Myung.

“That is alcohol prepared specially. Don’t I remember that Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon enjoys his drinks? How can I call myself noble if I didn’t know that?”

“Is it just one bottle?”

“Ehh! No. I have a few more.”

“Haha. As I thought, you are good at things!”

“Hahaha. Right, right!”

The two suddenly turned into close friends, with laughs and warm looks. Baek Cheon’s face contorted as he watched this.

‘I wish they both would stop now.’

But contrary to his wishes, the two men were so incorrigible that even the King of hell wouldn’t be able to take them.

“Then why did you come?”

When Chung Myung asked after letting his anger die down from the alcohol, Im So-Byeong shrugged and said.

“I came here to congratulate you.”

“No, I am being honest, though? Isn’t it the truth that our Green Forest is also a member of the alliance?”

“All the sects who are members came to attend and celebrate, so how can we not?”

“… that is what, since when…”

“That isn’t important now.”

Im So-Byeong smiled.

“Who do you think are the people most keenly aware of the Heavenly Friends Alliance?”

“No, the Evil Faction.”

As if they were now getting to the point, Im So-Byeong’s eyes turned serious.

“Once the Heavenly Friends Alliance makes a name for itself and absorbs influence, what do you think will come out of the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families?”

“They will try to fight.”

Chung Myung ground his teeth as if he was getting angry.

“Ask them to come and see! Whether you are a Taoist or not, I will skin them alive!”

“…Chung Myung, you are a Taoist too.”

“Ah, right. I forget that at times.”

At that time, Im So-Byeong laughed.

“It might seem like it, but it isn’t so.”

“It would be natural to think so because people like Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, Taoist Chung Myung, are not so concerned about pride or justification. But the Nine Great Sects of Kangho cannot give up their pride and justification. So, we cannot step on the Justice faction which does not yet cause trouble, just because we consider them as annoying.”

Baek Cheon nodded as if he understood.

If the Nine Great Sects or Five Great Families were openly hostile to the Heavenly Friends Alliance, it would be said that they were obsessed with them and wanted to take down other sects who could challenge them.

It might not be much of a problem for sects that had nothing like Mount Hua. Still, it would definitely be a concern for those who dominated the prominent sects like the Nine Great Sects.

“So they might try to cause harm subtly, but it will be difficult to do something openly. Instead, they will look around.”

“… You’re saying that is the Evil Faction?”

Im So-Byeong nodded his head excitedly.

“The reason why the Heavenly Friends Alliance is receiving much attention is because of the work Mount Hua has done so far. There’s nothing more than performance to raise the reputation and spread the word.”

Indeed, the influence of Mount Hua and other sects has significantly increased as they have now allied themselves as brothers. However, it is the actions of Mount Hua that have truly captured the people’s attention.

And the same must be said for the Nine Great Sects.

If the influence of the Heavenly Friends Alliance were to grow stronger, it’s clear they would use their power to sway the martial world.

Chung Myung looked at Im So-Byeong with a somewhat curious expression.

“Are the Nine Great Sects now seeking a new force to bolster their reputation?”

Im So-Byeong smiled.

“Well, it’s not that significant. This has happened countless times before. So, the Evil Faction is also paying close attention to this matter. There are probably quite a few people here besides me.”

Baek Cheon turned his head at those words.

He observed many people from the Central Plains sitting and drinking.

This was all unexpected.

But upon reflection, it didn’t seem so unfavorable. It’s impossible to confirm the identity of everyone who comes and goes, so how could he know in detail who was present?

“We just stick to Mount Hua.”

“… No, I mean, why is everything like this!”

“Hahah! Mount Hua is not just the brother of the Green Forest but of all Evil Sects!”

Im So-Byeong grinned and wrapped his arm around Chung Myung’s shoulder.

“Let’s support each other.”

“… Can you just die? I’m asking for your help.”

However, instead of retorting, Im So-Byeong humbled himself.

“Things may not go as smoothly as you wish.”

“As you know, the current martial world has been holding onto its strength for so long. And it’s not just the Justice factions; the current Evil factions are also brimming with power as there hasn’t been a major war.”

“But isn’t the Green Forest known to be corrupt?”

Im So-Byeong looked a bit sad at those words, but Chung Myung didn’t care about all that. Instead, he pushed the hand aside.

Im So-Byeong, who was looking a bit down, continued speaking.

“The conflicts that have thrown Kangho into chaos so far didn’t start from something huge. They have a lot of force and want to solve everything, and if disputes arise? From then on, the fights cannot be stopped.”

“I don’t plan to burden you with such words, but the start of the Heavenly Friends Alliance might ignite a huge change in Kangho.”

This made Baek Cheon’s face turn serious.

He had no idea that the start of the alliance would be taken as such. They are just going for like-minded people uniting…

Chung Myung, though, still looked the same.

“So what you are saying is that the Nine Great Sects and the Five Great Families could beat up the Evil Sects to show off they aren’t weak?”

Chung Myung spoke normally.

“If the Evil Faction people die or not, whether the Nine Great Sects die or not, what does that have to do with me?”

“If possible, I hope the two of them both fight and die. Then I will fall for Kangho, so we can eat it all. Hehehehe!”

Im So-Byeong and Baek Cheon’s eyes fluttered.

As they watched Chung Myung smile at the thought of death, they couldn’t tell if he was from the Justice Faction or not.

“Taoist… that, I understand it… so, I don’t get it… it seems like you did understand, but if this situation increases, even the Heavenly Friends Alliance won’t be able to escape this influence.”

“Such obvious nonsense.”

Chung Myung frowned.

“Then, if we don’t turn a blind eye, that won’t happen?”

“This is the way the world is; it flows. Even if it wasn’t for us, this would have happened sooner or later. As you said, the occasion isn’t important for them.”

Chung Myung closed his lips.

‘The Demonic Sect is going to come.’

No matter how hard they tried to live a calm life, the Demonic Sect would not let it continue.

“Because that is why we are the Heavenly Friends Alliance.”

Im So-Byeong smiled as he looked into Chung Myung’s sure eyes.

This is why he came to meet Chung Myung.

“Right! We will do our best to help Green Forest as well.”

“Don’t do that. Take a seat now! You can do anything! Even take down the annoying people. Just do it, and try it out!?”

Im So-Byeong was holding onto the legs of Chung Myung, and Baek Cheon, who saw this, sighed.

‘…is this even alright?’

Baek Cheon began to seriously worry about the future of the Heavenly Friends Alliance.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.