Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

There was a hum that rang out.

A sound that spread against the blue background of Mount Hua, which felt peaceful at a glance.

It was as if the person humming wasn’t Jang Ilso.

Ho Ga-Myung quietly approached him down the mountain, as humming was a sign of him being in a good mood.

Jang Ilso looked back at Ho Ga-Myung with his pale face and shining eyes.

“Is this… may I ask a couple questions?”

“You speak such strange things. When have I ever stopped you from doing that?”

Of course, it didn’t happen.

Jang Ilso was a tyrant. It was his innate nature to be cruel, and his mood swings were the hardest to understand. At the same time, he was also the type of human who threw people into pits and then laughed at them.

However, one thing that Jang Ilso would never do was that he didn’t stop others from speaking.

-The reason the king falls isn’t because of the evil being committed. It is because they don’t listen. No matter how corrupt and cruel a king is, he will not fall as long as the others are listened to.

And that was what Jang Ilso believed in.

A tyrant-like person and, at the same time, one who didn’t stop the words of others.

Jang Ilso reconciled these two things, which seemed completely incompatible. This aspect made Jang Ilso what he is today.

Ho Ga-Myung took a short breath and then said.

“I don’t know why the clan leader had to come all the way here in person.”

“Why? You feel like nothing has worked out?”

“How can I dare make a comment about the actions of the clan leader?”

“Anyway, you’re saying it seems like it?”

Even though the question might feel a bit out of line, Jang Ilso didn’t seem upset. He just clicked the tongue with his usual look.

“Tsk tsk, Ga-Myung, Ga-Myung.”

“You think that is the problem.”

He turned his back and continued talking as he moved down the mountain.

“There is no way I can follow behind you when it comes to planning and thinking of benefits to gain. It is wonderful.”

A big smile appeared on his face as he spoke. It was like a child who had found his most wanted toy, which made him so excited that he had no idea what to do.

“Let me ask you one thing. The gains we see in front of us cannot be all, right? One must also know how to take losses for something greater. And sometimes, for the sake of a far future, one has to endure efforts that will not help us now.”

“… do you think today’s visit will be of benefit to anyone?”

At that question, Jang Ilso turned his eyes and glanced at the peak. A look of ridicule in his eyes.

“If not, why would I bother stepping into that disgusting-smelling Taoist sect?”

“Ga-Myung, Ga-Myung.”

Jang Ilso laughed softly as he looked at Ho Ga-Myung.

“How do you think the existence of the Heavenly Friends Alliance will be seen in the eyes of the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families?”

“That… like a thorn in front of their eyes.”

“Right. That is all.”

The power of the alliance could not be ignored. But, so far, the Nine Sects and Five Families had fought against forces stronger than the Heavenly Friends Alliance and won.

They would be safe and on their guard, but they would not be too afraid of it.

“Do you know what those who are afraid do when they notice a change?”

Jang Ilso gently waved the hand that had many accessories.

“Those who are afraid of change first simply wait when the unknown to them starts to reveal itself in front of them.”

“They still don’t have a clear sense of what kind of change it is and how it works,”

When he thought about it, it was clear that the prestigious sects like the Nine Sects and the Five Families did have that nature.

“And do you know what riles people up?”

Ho Ga-Myung couldn’t give an answer. This was because he saw in the eyes of Jang Ilso an evil look.

“The fear of it being too late to touch, too irreversible. The fear that you might lose everything if you enjoy this now. The fear of being stepped on and ridiculed by those whom you considered as nothing!”

There was a twisted look on the face of Jang Ilso.

“When there is such fear, the strong who used to be relaxed end up becoming petty, and those who would naturally be merciful take action. If that doesn’t work…!”

Jang Ilso’s lips opened wide. At the same time, his feet in the silk footwear stomped on the ground.

A voice that felt like it was biting down on something and then spat out every word with utmost fervor was heard by Ho Ga-Myung.

Ho Ga-Myung gulped at the tremble that took over his body. But before he knew it, Jang Ilso was back to normal.

“Well, it won’t happen right away.”

“I just made them all tuck in their tails. If they take their time like that, they might get eaten by the Heavenly Friends Alliance.”

This made Ho Ga-Myung question.

“But just because of that, they cannot….”

But he couldn’t continue speaking. From his point of view, it felt a bit questionable whether such actions could really move the Nine Sects and Five Families. Still, he couldn’t open his lips because that would mean he was doubting the work of Jang Ilso.

Jang Ilso spoke as if he could understand Ho Ga-Myung.

“What do you think of humans? Huh? If the position you are standing in changes, what you see will also change.”

“Why should they be afraid of the Heavenly Friends Alliance?”

“Honestly, I don’t know. It is said that the four sects, which are considered to be strong, came to form an alliance, but compared to the Nine Sects and Five Families, don’t they seem to be lacking a lot?”

“Right. You are right. But…”

Jang Ilso smiled meaningfully.

“Let us say another sect joins the Heavenly Friends Alliance, like… right, the Green Forest.”

“Will the Nine Great Sects be any different?”

“What if Qingcheng, Emei of the west, or even Kunlun join them?”

Ho Ga-Myung, who had been silently thinking about all this, pursed his lips.

“The Nine Great Sects is one thing. Right, it is just as such. They say nothing will be different even if a thousand years pass. Nine sects. This is an absolute law which can no longer be broken.”

“But not the Heavenly Friends Alliance. The alliance can grow as big as it wants to…”Jang Ilso’s face contorted.

“There are no restrictions on how many it can take. A sect which was once in the Nine Great Sects. A clan that is now in the Five Great Families! There are two sects from the Palaces outside. Even those who are considered to be the Evil Sects are now joining the Heavenly Friends Alliance!”

“What did it mean to them that the Green Forest is in it? What did it mean that I went there?”

The face of Ho Ga-Myung went stiff. This was because he once again realized how scary Jang Ilso was.

Actually, Jang Ilso did nothing.

All he did was make a personal visit, give a gift, say a couple of words, and then come back. That was nothing, to be precise.

Would those who heard about the situation really think as such?

Would people who think that everything happened for a reason consider that Jang Ilso visited Mount Hua without any purpose?

One would think it couldn’t be the situation.

Originally, it would have been unthinkable for the Heavenly Friends Alliance to join hands with Jang Ilso. Still, when unexpected events occurred, perspectives changed.

What was deemed impossible, even if the land and sky were to shift, was now becoming a possibility.

Could they completely disregard that possibility?

“The anxiety that rushes in and weighs them down is actually not a significant issue. If one can avoid the situation, one might even feel a bit at peace.”

“This is the anxiety that afflicts people. There is nothing to fear, except when one is lying on a soft gold needle trying to fall asleep, this slight discomfort creeps into the body, the kind that tickles the soles.”

“It is only when the discomfort intensifies that people become aware of the fear within them.”

By presenting himself at Mount Hua, Jang Ilso created a rift between them.

‘Besides, the Heavenly Friends Alliance and the Nine Great Sects have never been on good terms.’

To cause a rift, it didn’t matter if something was being concealed. In any case, the cracks that had been exposed would only continue to widen without any effort.

“Well, they can ignore it too. But… even if they can ignore it all, they cannot pretend to be oblivious to the fact that the Green Forest King was there. That would mean the Heavenly Friends Alliance had joined hands with the Evil Faction.”

Ho Ga-Myung looked at Jang Ilso with shocked admiration.

“Did you know that Im So-Byeong was there?”

Jang Ilso responded with a sour expression.

“I am no God; how would I know he was there?”

“It doesn’t matter whether I knew or not. I had already sent someone to Mount Hua to handle it. I simply changed my words at the right moment when I saw him.”

“I feel sorry for him. His face looked like he got caught doing something wrong. Hahahahaha.”

Jang Ilso extended his arms to the side. The embroidered long sleeves waved around dramatically.

“Did you notice the atmosphere?”

“Change brings anticipation and excitement, but it also brings fear.”

“I was just being kind, exposing the reality to those who were excited without having any idea what was happening. I personally told them unpredictable things would happen now. Now, the people will no longer be happy with the existence of the Heavenly Friends Alliance.”

“Be it the Nine Great Sects, the Five Great Families, or even the others gathered there! Everyone will know about the idiots who don’t know anything and just eat the food served! The fact that there will no longer be the past peace! The anxiety and panic they harbor will give rise to suspicion, and that would soon lead to blood being spilled.”

Ho Ga-Myung’s body trembled.

Jang Ilso lowered his hands and smiled brightly.

As if nothing had been said.

“In a world that is in confusion, it is enough to take advantage of them. Do you understand, Ho Ga-Myung?”

“… yes, clan leader.”

Of course, it was impossible to fully understand how far Jang Ilso was looking into the future and what more he was planning.

In any case, Ho Ga-Myung couldn’t grasp the full extent of Jang Ilso’s thoughts, and Jang Ilso didn’t understand all of Ho Ga-Myung’s confusion. The moment everyone thinks the same way, one person’s thoughts don’t hold much worth.

“But one thing is bothering me…”

“Can Mount Hua do its needed task?”

Jang Ilso couldn’t respond right away to that question.

“Which is why I came to check on them.”

“A force is ultimately a gathering of people. It is useless to make plans in the head without seeing the people who make it up. And I don’t believe what I haven’t seen with my own eyes.”

Jang Ilso mumbled as if he were muttering to himself, then let out a low laugh.

“Mount Hua… right, Mount Hua. Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.”

He rolled up his sleeve for a moment. The moment he uttered ‘Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon,’ goosebumps arose in his arms.

“… If I hadn’t come, I would have messed things up. Right, one has to see it with their own eyes. One can never know a beast like that unless they see it with their own eyes!”

Ho Ga-Myung, who was a little lost, looked at Jang Ilso. There was a vibrant look on his face, which had never been seen before.

Ho Ga-Myung had served Jang Ilso for so long. But even he had never seen Jang Ilso make such an expression.

Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.

It was said that his reputation was shaking the world to its core, but he was nothing but a young Taoist. Compared to Jang Ilso, wouldn’t it be too much to even call him a puppy?

Ho Ga-Myung didn’t even dare to guess what he saw in such a young man to react as such.

“You asked if Mount Hua could do its task, right?”

“Well. I don’t know either. Will they really do what they need to do…”

Looking at the peak of Mount Hua, which was now looking far away, Jang Ilso’s eyes secretly shone. And he couldn’t hold back the laughter as he spoke in an excited voice.

“If not… the world will be thrown into a fiery pit!”

“HAHAHAHAHAH! This will be fun to watch.”

Ho Ga-Myung stopped for a moment and glanced at Jang Ilso’s back as the man moved forward. And without realizing it, he looked back at the peak of Mount Hua.

It was impossible to guess everything about Jang Ilso’s internal thoughts, but one thing was certain.

No sect or person in the world had ever survived by turning against Jang Ilso.

It seemed like Mount Hua’s shrine was already up in flames, about to turn to ashes at any moment.

Of course, it wasn’t their fault. They had just come across a formidable opponent.

They had caught the eye of Jang Ilso.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.