Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

It was generally a good feeling to see a bright face.

Of course, some tactless people didn’t understand the mood and ruined it by laughing when they shouldn’t. But at least for now, no one could see that it was such a situation.

‘Can a person look this gentle? I thought he was the Buddha himself…’

‘He looks more round.’

It shouldn’t have been a strange thing.

Hae Yeon, one of the scariest people in the world when using martial arts, could look this round and cute.

His once exhausted and caved-in face had gained weight, turning much brighter, which made those who watched him happy.

There was just one thing that bothered him a little…

Jo Gul said with an extremely shocked face.

“But even though he is a monk, doesn’t it mean that people can look this kind and soft because they had meat….”

Jo Gul pouted at the words that came from around him.

“No… if he had meat alone, I wouldn’t have spoken. But yesterday at the alcohol table, he even drank all the alcohol in Mount Hua by himself.”

“Can a monk do that? He still gets called a monk, so how can he?”

“Can you be called a Taoist then?”

“… if you put it like that, then I have nothing more to say.”

Jo Gul touched his stomach and frowned.

“I am saying it because it is odd because it is strange. I feel dizzy from the alcohol I had yesterday.”

“… actually, I do too.”

“One hit, and I will puke it all out.”

The disciples of Mount Hua, whose faces had turned dark and dead, looked lost at the people of other sects who were moving to and from their training hall.

“How did it end up that all these sects gathered together…”

Not just Hae Yeon, but they were all strange, too.

Mount Hua’s disciples were also confident in their ability to drink alcohol. Wasn’t Mount Hua, where Chung Myung had turned drinking into a character trait due to his own influence on them?

But the problem was that the other sects that drank against Mount Hua didn’t take it easy either.

First, the Tang family.

The Tang family was a sect that dealt with poison and assassination. Therefore, it was right for them to learn how to expel toxins from their bodies. It was unlikely that these people, who had engaged in the dangerous task of creating poison from a young age, would get drunk on a little alcohol.

And then came the Nanman Beast Palace.

Those people didn’t even need a reason. Anyone who saw the warriors from that place would think, “Ah, those people probably drink cartons of alcohol and eat pounds of meat as sides.”

But what shocked the Mount Hua disciples even more wasn’t those two sects.

Looking at those two sects alone, they were the warriors who would do that, but it was the warriors of the North Sea Ice Palace who surpassed them.

-In the North Sea, even a 3-year-old kid wouldn’t drink such weak alcohol!

-Bring us alcohol, not water!

“Is soy sauce made of iron then…?”

“I heard that in colder areas, the more alcohol they drink, the warmer their bodies are, but I didn’t think they would be this bad…”

In front of the Ice Palace, both the Tang family and Nanman Beast Palace warriors raised their hands in surrender.

They already looked cold and indifferent, but their faces didn’t change even after drinking the strongest alcohol, which made others feel sick of them.

“If you think about it, didn’t Palace Lord Seol also have a strong drink?”

“… I thought so, too. I saw him yesterday, and he was going against the Beast Palace Lord.”

“Well, he does look like an innocent child…”

“Uhuh! Palace Lord! Call him like that.”

“…tsk. Until recently, he was just a younger brother.”

Jo Gul licked his lips with regret. Then he frowned and mumbled again.

“Anyway, uh… my stomach doesn’t feel good.”

Mount Hua’s disciples had to drink twice as much as the other sects.

As the drinking intensified, the Tang family, the Beast Palace, and the North Sea Ice Palace grew closer and drank heavily together. However, initially, they had no choice but to find many of the Mount Hua people they were familiar with.

Baek Cheon also constantly received and refilled his glass with alcohol, and by the end, he lost consciousness.

“So, what are the others up to?”

“…all stretched out, well.”

“Soso went to wake them up a little while ago, so she will be back soon. If they don’t want needles stuck in their heads, they will get up.”

Baek Cheon nodded and looked at the people from other sects gathered in the training hall.

The strength of those people walking unsteadily didn’t seem that weak. It felt like the way they first entered Mount Hua and the way they were lined up in front of the Central Plains people all felt like a lie.

“Ehuh! You cannot puke here!”

“Kuak… water. Someone bring me cool water.”

Baek Cheon’s cheeks trembled as he watched this.

As the yellow-faced people staggered to the training ground, the smell of alcohol wafted from their noses.

Those wearing green robes have the same status as messengers in Sichuan, and those in animal fur inspire fear in wild beasts in Nanman.

That white… white… ugh, what are those clothes? What is that?

Well, those who were originally wearing white clothes were from the North Sea… euk, let’s not talk about it.

Anyway, looking at those people with hangovers, all throwing up around made Baek Cheon feel so frustrated.

“Why does this happen to everyone when they come to Mount Hua? Is this such a bad place?”

At that moment, the person who came to his senses first shouted.

“Stand up, up straight now! Straight… euk! Kuak… as soon as…”

“D-don’t scream! My head hurts!”

“Someone peed here! Just how crazy should a guy drink if he… euk? A dog brought from the beast palace? Ah… then it can happen.”

You should not do that, you insane people! A dog peeing in a Taoist place! What nonsense was this!

Just last night, Baek Cheon had felt with his entire body how the friendship had bloomed among them. And now there was just one thing he could think.

‘I hope they all go out of here.’

Right, this was what friendship was. Just the sight of them made one feel nervous! Wasn’t this the same as when he saw Chung Myung?

“… what about the kids?”

Baek Cheon slowly turned his head. And then he closed his eyes tightly.

Mount Hua’s disciples were approaching the training hall, dressed in bare clothes, almost crawling.

‘Was it really a good thing to make the Heavenly Friends Alliance?’

Hadn’t it become like a bunch of things where there was no answer if even one was taken out?

“Euk… s-sasuk… I think I will die.”

“W-why did you have to bring so much alcohol…”

Baek Cheon smiled at the disciples and kindly said,

“If you don’t want to fall over, go over and stand straight there. Be sure to keep in mind that a person who stumbles will have his future stumbled too.”

Everyone worked hard to keep their form and headed to the training ground. Baek Cheon looked at the peak above.

‘Why does… it always happen like this?’

The leaders of the Heavenly Friends Alliance, who had somehow lined up, and the leaders who were trying to show the dignity of their bodies that had been lost, faced each other.

It was clear that the feelings of the Beast Palace people, looking at Meng So’s tired face, were complicated. Of course, Chung Myung had once collapsed from drinking with the guy, but seeing him the second time didn’t make it any more normal.

However, even this couldn’t compare to the feelings of the Tang people, who were looking at Tang Gunak with faces full of despair.

Tang Gunak’s legs, which wouldn’t have faltered even at the consumption of poison, were trembling slightly.

‘What on earth is this?’

‘Oh my… the family leader.’

Of course, Hyun Jong’s face didn’t even belong to this world now. Still, at least Chung Myung maintained a sane appearance, so the Mount Hua disciples felt quite proud.

But… from this hellish drinking party, it was clear who the winner was.

“As expected of our Palace Lord!”

The North Sea Ice Palace warriors were ready to rush to Seol So-baek at any time and raise him.

Actually, the fact that such a young palace lord was able to hold his consciousness even after drinking among such fearsome people was something to be proud of. Seol So-baek really did his job.

Seol So-Baek also seemed to have the same thought, smiling proudly with his pale face. Chung Myung’s face twisted as he saw the lips twist.

“Euk, I could have taken him down with just one more bottle.”

Normally, there were several people here who would have scolded him, but no one had the luxury of doing it. This isn’t to say that he screamed wrongly, but it felt like something else would happen.

Tang Gunak had a lost face.

“Alliance leader… say something.”

Hyun Jong, who was looking at the disciples from the podium, spoke weakly. But he couldn’t say anything, so he covered his mouth with his hand and turned back, crouching his back like a shrimp.

Tang Gunak mumbled quietly.

“… I am sorry. I cannot do anything…”

At that, Meng So shook his head, too.

“Speak my ass… let’s just go home.”

“… the disciples’ condition doesn’t seem that good, why not rest for another day….”

“If I smell the alcohol which is coming from around, even a sane man would get drunk….”

… everyone nodded at the words of Meng So.

Meng So continued with a pale look.

“Just because we go now doesn’t mean we will not see each other again, and we will see each other again soon, so let us not waste time now.”

Tang Gunak nodded, and he immediately added.

“Don’t forget about what we talked about yesterday. I will proceed with the matter you mentioned in consultation with Mount Hua Sect.”

“I believe so… euh…. Ahh, I believe.”

“Oh my! So-Baekkkk!”

“P-Palace Lord! Come to your senses now!”

“Soso! Where are you?”

At that time, Seol So-Baek finally lost his strength and collapsed. As the noise began to rise, Hyun Jong took advantage of the chance to put his head behind the podium and gag a bit.

Baek Cheon grinned as he looked at the scene.

No. The real shithole was one of you people! Why on earth would they bring dogs into Mount Hua! Dogs!

So messy, troublesome, chaos, those wayward dogs….

No matter what words were used, it felt like everything fit this situation well.

Many people took advantage of the tragedy unfolding on the podium to sit down. In Baek Cheon’s mind, Heavenly Friends Alliance’s future felt dark.

After much confusion and mess, the three sects that visited Mount Hua began to pass through the gate. Where did they step in with such confidence? It was now feeling like an extremely despair filled road.

“Well then, good time everyone! I will meet you again!”

“May the luck be with you!”

They didn’t forget to say nice words. But those warm words, warm expressions, and internal feelings were entirely different.

‘Never piss in Mount hua again.’

‘I will not come next time. I have to send others.’

‘If possible, I won’t come here.’

‘This is going to be a hard time.’

Everyone had a very work-like smile and made promises in a very odd way. Tang Gunak and Meng So, who were leading the way, waved their hands, and Seol So-Baek, who was being carried down by the cart of Mount Hua, raised his shaking hands, unable to even raise his head.

Baek Cheon mumbled as he watched them go down slowly.

“But… can everyone go down Mount Hua with such a body?”

“I need to climb down the cliff.”

Jo Gul, Yoon Jong, and Yu Yiseol looked at the three sects that were leaving with a subtle look.

Baek Cheon nodded slightly and turned his head.

“First, take the sect leader to his residence. Gul, go and bring some honey water, too.”

Following Baek Cheon’s command, Jo Gul ran, and some others hurriedly moved to support Hyun Jong. Baek Cheon sighed.

‘This is quite an event…’

“Ah, they left a dog behind! Ah, fuck! I am going insane with these people!”

Baek Cheon’s screams echoed around Mount Hua.

Whether or not the world changed after the alliance, Mount Hua was still Mount Hua.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.