Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Hmm. The examination is surely not easy.”

“But wouldn’t we be able to overcome it with effort and perseverance?”

“Right. That is it. If we work hard every day, slowly and steadily, we will get used to it.”

These were the words of Baek Cheon, Jo Gul, Yoon Jong, and Yu Yiseol, one by one.

If you just listened to what was being said, it was true, and the discussion about the warrior should be expected, but the reaction of those who actually heard it wasn’t that good.

“Why are you saying that, sasuk?”

“Sahyung! Is there anything called conscience?”

“Would such a guy ever hit someone in the side?”

“I know words are sweet!”

In response to the criticism, the Five Swords all turned their heads around and looked away.

“Don’t just work hard; do well! The most frustrating thing in the world is that people who commit accidents also work hard.”

“… Even so, I am sasuk. You are being too….“

“Sasuk, all this ends here. Because you are sasuk!”

Baek Cheon looked up at the sky with a sad look as he watched the Chung disciples glaring at him.

‘There were better days in the past.’

Back then, it was poor and hard, but the kids would at least stop to look at him. But now, not even the Baek but Chung disciples were screaming at him with deadly eyes.

Nevertheless, the reason why he couldn’t say anything back was because Baek Cheon and the Five Swords knew what had been done.

The face of Baek Sang contorted.

“Didn’t the senior sasuk say to be patient?”

“I am always trying to be calm, but this guy is always throwing nonsense at me.”

Baek Cheon flinched and looked away.

“I… I apologize. It has turned into a bit of a habit.”

“It is called the Sword Circle. When someone sticks their sword through someone else’s sword, it isn’t the same!”

“Is that important? That, too, now? Even before the enemy falls, the person swinging the sword next to me is going to die from a heart attack!”

Baek Sang glared with bloodshot eyes, but Yu Yiseol stood tall. As if she had nothing to care about, the angle of her head was raised slightly differently from Baek Sang.

“The one who jumped ahead.”

“… my blood is boiling, so just stop….”

“A guy who points out other people’s swords but cannot even use his own sword properly!”

Baek Sang’s face turned red.

He turned to the side.

“Why are you suddenly removing the form when you need to practice?”

“I think it would be more helpful than swinging the sword.”

“So, is that a sword circle? Huh? Is that it?”

Baek Sang clutched his stomach, feeling like it was being punctured. The area around his eyes was turning wet.

‘How is it that no one is helping?’

These people were the Five Swords of Mount Hua?

They were famous for doing well in Mount Hua, but somehow, no one properly understood them.

“How did you even survive till now? When I saw what you were doing today, it seemed like you could even bump the chopsticks when eating and die.”

Baek Sang was now speaking flames.

“If that is the case, just gather together and practice! Why do you have to get in the middle of the kids and prevent them from practicing?”

Hearing those words, Baek Cheon wanted to speak as if this was unfair.

“Let’s… let’s be rational now.”

“… what do you think will happen if we practice the sword circle amongst ourselves?”

Baek Sang, who was angry, was speechless. And the answer came from the mouths of others around.

“It will be fortunate if someone doesn’t die.”

“Wouldn’t it be a blessing if just one died?”

“That wouldn’t be something to call training.”

“Good for their nature.”

Baek Sang shut his eyes tightly as he looked at the disciples, who nodded and whispered.

‘I really wish they would just go!’

If these people had been like this from the start, it wouldn’t make sense.

In the past, Baek Cheon was a bit pathetic, but he tried to be a role model for the other disciples. Yu Yiseol was quiet as always, but she never displayed such out-of-character behavior like now. She was so quiet that it was a problem.

Yoon Jong was someone who seemed to hold the title of ‘exceptional’ in each act, and Jo Gul was problematic in the past, but he still knew how to behave and speak properly.

But, as a group, these people had completely lost their sense of nature and responsibility, which enraged him.

Baek Sang, remembering the cause of all this, sighed.

“Anyway, whether you practice individually or together, please do not interfere with the practice anymore. If you don’t think that will work, then go and practice! Even Chung Myung is out and gave us just six numbers, so what problem will it cause if you people are missing?”

“… we want to learn it if it is possible.”

“I am still the great disciple of Mount Hua! So why should I not learn what other disciples are learning?”

“When you train together, there are bound to be frustrating and irritating things about each other. Isn’t it the sahyung’s role to fill in those areas and encourage each other to continue together?”

“… Those are great words, but are they really coming from people who feel so frustrated and let down? They aren’t enough, let me tell you!”

“So what? You understand,”

Baek Sang held the sword handle tightly without realizing it.

‘Only if you weren’t sahyung…’

No, did this mean that the only sahyung in this sect was that guy?

He was even more upset because there was a time when he liked him.

Even with all this, he was so moved by Baek Cheon’s words that he wanted to clap. However, when he looked at everyone, it felt like throwing oil onto a flame.

What saved Baek Sang, who was on the verge of dying, was the voice of someone running from somewhere.

“Elder Hyun Young is looking for Sahyung! Yu samae, Yoon Jong, Jo Gul, and Soso too.”

‘The number of people they called isn’t the usual one.’

After thinking for a moment, he shook his head.

“The sword circle first….”

“Ah, just what are you doing! The elder called, so at least hurry up there!”

But Baek Sang’s words cut him like a sword.

“… Sang, it seems like you are being too harsh with me these days.”

“If you don’t want to see me getting harsher, then leave quickly!”

“Even so, I am sahyung….”

“If you don’t go, all the money I have allotted for sahyung will be cut down under the authority of the Finance Hall.”

Baek Cheon turned at that and shouted.

“What are you doing! The elder is calling, haven’t you heard?”

The faces of the Five Swords contorted at that.

This man… he was becoming more pathetic these days.

Baek Cheon laughed after he heard the entire thing.

No. Was someone impersonating Mount Hua because they had no one else to impersonate?

“Such an odd person. If he wanted to impersonate someone, he should have at least done it right. Is he impersonating Mount Hua in Jiangxi? Which Mount Hua doesn’t even touch?”

Yoon Jong clicked his tongue at Jo Gul’s words.

“You idiot. If you impersonate something related around that place, wouldn’t he get caught right then?”

“Normally, impersonation is done in a place where the person concerned cannot come. That way, the chances of being caught will decrease.”

Jo Gul nodded like he understood.

Just by listening, Baek Cheon was able to understand the position of Mount Hua.

‘Surely, the impersonator cannot be left alone.’

The name of Mount Hua resonated throughout the world. Not a bit of dust should be left behind now.

But there was just one thing that bothered him….

“Elder, I understand all that has been said. But something is tough for me to get…”

“… why is he so upset?”

Baek Cheon glanced at Chung Myung gathering qi in the corner and flinched again at the sight.

“Perhaps he was sent by either Southern Edge or Wudang…”

“I haven’t heard anything as such.”

“Then why is he like that…?”

“So you people get it now?”

At that moment, Chung Myung cried out with eyes wide open.

“We don’t have the time to discuss all this! Out of my anger, I would have run there myself, but since the sect leader made an earnest request, I am waiting here for sasuk to come.”

Basically, didn’t you think that situations involving phrases like ‘sect leader’s earnest request’ should not ever come from a disciple’s mouth?

It wasn’t just for a day or two for the sect to be in a mess, but now it seemed so natural that it felt insane.

At that moment, Hyun Young slowly whispered to Baek Cheon.

“You will see when you see it, but this time, that guy has really lost it.”

“He is always like that, elder.”

“Of course, but this time, he is a bit too out of it.”

“… right, he does look like it.”

Hyun Young glanced at Chung Myung, gritting his teeth, and asked.

“Did you train in the sword circle?”

“Umm… so, should I tell you about that before leaving? In case of emergency, the sword circle…”

Was that why you learned about the sword circle? To subdue Chung Myung…?

Of course, it had to be a joke, but considering Chung Myung’s strength, he couldn’t possibly think of this as a joke.

“Anyway, with the situation being like this, I guess we cannot waste time anymore. Let us leave right away.”

It was such an unhappy mission to go on, but as Hyun Young said, it wasn’t one to waste time. He was worried about what the impersonator was doing there….

“What? Did they leave the dogs behind?”

“We have a dog here already, a crazy dog!”

‘Will we return safely this time?’

The enemy is actually inside.

He felt those words genuinely.

“Please take your time, sasuk!”

“No one will say anything if you walk all the way there, taking your time! Now is the time to have fun!”

Baek Cheon’s face turned sad at those words. It must have been a good thing for people to come and say goodbye, but right now, it felt like the kids held bad thoughts for him.

“Did you drop the sword circle training?”

Instead of answering, Baek Sang glanced to the side.

It looked like they were in this gang fight and not training, with their faces like rags and clothes torn.

“… the kids had so much energy.”

“If it continues, people will die.”

He wasn’t worried about anything going out, but thinking about what these people would do after he left made his steps feel heavy.

“… anyway, be careful not to get hurt.”

“And boarding house head….”

“Ah, we will handle it, so go now, please!”

In the past, the cute sajae who followed him around, calling him sahyung, sahyung…. had turned into this wolf.

At that time, Baek Sang turned left and right and then went closer to Baek Cheon and put something in his arms.

“I saved some money from the Finance Hall and so use this for travel and don’t be hungry.”

“Have nice food out there.”

As expected, a sahyung-sajae relationship could never change.

Baek Sang pushed Baek Cheon on the back with overflowing emotions.

“Now, leave now. Hurry up.”

Baek Cheon nodded and turned. He saw Chung Myung with his arms folded and an expression so angry that it looked like he would run at any moment.

God of Heaven and land.

Please. Please keep us safe… no, just let us come back without an accident.

Baek Cheon shouted in his heart, praying.

As if that was the signal, Chung Myung ran like a racehorse with his reins loose.

“Ahhh, you bastard! Don’t run with all your might!”

“Catch up to him! Hurry up! Now!”

The five swords ran after him in fear.

As their appearance vanished from sight in an instant, the disciples of Mount Hua sighed.

“Isn’t it more scary that those people will cause more trouble there than the impersonator?”

“… Sect leader must have thought something.”

“Let us do our best too. Us too.”

A place where the status had increased, but nothing had changed at all.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.