Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

There was a silence so heavy that one could hear the gulping sound from the crowd. In the inn filled with cold silence, it was hard to believe this mess had happened. The eyes of those watching were shining.

Mount Hua and Southern Edge.

Anyone who knew the ties between them had to be interested in this. There was no way they could take their eyes off the people who hated each other to death and could kill in broad daylight.

It was the moment when Gwa Hyuk-su, the Myriad Sword of Taihang Three Swords, spoke.

The man who had drawn his sword lightly waved his hand and looked around as he said,

“I wish to have nothing to do with a spar like this. I am worried about harming others.”

“What do you think? If we are going to spar using swords, how about we go to a wider area?”

Gwa Hyuk-su bit his lip at that.

Because of the clever way this guy was speaking, they were considered ruthless people who only cared about their swords and not about others. This was going to negatively impact the Southern Edge.

“Fine! But you are not talking about some remote place with no one watching, right?”

“I have no intention of forgiving you just because you kneel down and pray in a place where no one is watching.”

“Hahaha. Would I do that?”

The man glanced down the window.

“I think it would be worth sparring down there. What do you think?”

All three of them looked at each other and then nodded.

“Any place sounds good.”

The man raised his sword, put his foot on the window, and, without any hesitation, jumped out the window.

The people all screamed at that.

“Wh-what are they! This is the seventh floor!”

“They jumped from here!?”

They quickly ran to the window and looked down. But their eyes didn’t find any bodies, just the appearance of men looking unharmed and watching.

Everyone clicked their tongues in a clear voice.

The fact that this Mount Hua guy was fine after jumping meant that his skills were not low either.

The three Southern Edge disciples also realized that and went stiff.

They took turns looking at the stairs and the window and then bit their lips.

Gwa Hyuk-Su, who was in the lead, jumped out first, and then the other two followed.

“Let us head down there!”

Those who were filling the tower rushed down the stairs.

The Taihang Three Swords landed on the ground.

There was no way they couldn’t continue.

Their legs, which had taken the shock of landing, were sore and numb beyond explanation. The entire top part of the foot hurt as if it were torn, and their ankle felt so sore that they were unable to stand straight.

But they could not look weak now. So they stood up and glared at the man across from them.

Just jumping off the tower was a shocking sight for them, but this man was looking a lot better than them.

‘So he isn’t just some big-mouthed bastard?’

Gwa Hyuk-Su took a deep breath and opened his mouth.

“Even though you are unknown, it doesn’t mean you don’t have a name, right? Or are you a sword who cannot reveal the name?”

The man laughed, shaking his head.

“There is no need to keep provoking me as such because I have nothing to hide. My name is Jin Yang-Geon.”

Gwa Hyuk-Su asked with cold eyes.

“If you are a disciple of Mount Hua, you should be of some class, right?”

“Haha. Is that so important?”

Jin Yang-Geon waved the sword like a fan and said,

“If my class is higher than yours, will you bow your head and apologize?”

“Or are you saying that if mine is lower, you will use your class to pressure me?”

Jin Yang-Geon shook his head.

“No matter what the class is, it doesn’t mean what you did is right. So there is no need to speak of that, right?”

“What is important is whether one is righteous or not! It is the law of murim, isn’t it right? I do not consider an injustice to be righteous, asking about the class of others.”

As he shouted loudly, the people who gathered around him applauded, being impressed.

“I don’t know who that man is, but he is saying the right thing!”

Gwa Hyuk-su’s face contorted.

He just wanted to know the class of the man. But because of a normal question, they were being turned into people who were not confident and tried to use their level to subdue the opponent.

He didn’t know what this man’s tongue was on, but he was making sure that the positive impact stayed on him.

Gwa Hyuk-su, who understood that words had no use, raised the sword and aimed it at Jin Yang-geon.

“I know that your tongue is scary. Let’s see if your sword can follow that tongue at least halfway.”

Jin Yang-geon glanced at them and shook his head.

“There are three of you.”

“You don’t need to be scared of that, brat. Could it be possible that we three would join forces to go against someone like you? I alone will work fine, so don’t worry.”

“No, it is the opposite.”

Jin Yang-geon smiled.

“One won’t do; all three attack me.”

“It seems like you don’t get what I am saying. You alone cannot win over me, so I said all three should come together.”

Jin Yang-geon looked down at the sword he drew.

“That way, I will have a little more fun dealing with you.”

Gwa Hyuk-su’s face turned red right then.

“It looks like you are thinking about losing and looking for excuses here! You think things will go your way?”

“That is a misunderstanding. I, Jin Yang-geon, am one with honesty. I will never make an excuse about losing to you three, and that you can win alone.”

Jin Yang-geon straightened his shoulders.

“I just want to give you all a fair choice. That is the way a swordsman behaves.”

“You bastard! Even the disciples of the actual Mount Hua will not speak such ignorant things in front of us…!”

“Of course, since I am no ordinary disciple of Mount Hua.”

Jin Yang-geon’s face brightened.

“Have you heard of the Plum Blossom Swordsman?”

“… Plum Blossom Swordsman?”

“If you haven’t, then you will know now.”

Jin Yang-geon pointed his sword ahead.

Gwa Hyuk-su, filled with anger, was gritting his teeth. At that moment, the sajaes there spoke in cold voices.

“Hyung, if he wants to, we can just do it.”

“We have no reason to refuse! Shouldn’t we make that newbie realize how scary Kangho can be!”

When the eldest gave permission, the sajaes stood to the left and right.

“You brat! Don’t think about regretting it!”

“I am a person who doesn’t know regret.”

In the eyes of Gwa Hyuk-su, fighting was worth it.

The people who gathered around to watch this were all waiting. The atmosphere continued to get tense, and it felt like blood would drip any moment.

And then came a noise to break the silence.

“I will give you a lesson!”

All three of them rushed at Jin Yang-geon at once. Gwa Hyuk-su, who was looking for an opening, closed the distance to the man with lightning speed.

The reason why they gained fame as the Taihang Three Swordsmen was proven constantly.

But Jin Yang-geon didn’t respond even after watching their speed. Even though the sword was coming to his head, he just looked at the sword.

The weak people all closed their eyes. This was because they didn’t want to see a man being cut down.

At that moment, a sharp sound rang out, and the three swords aiming to kill were bounced back.

Gwa Hyuk-su was shocked.

Jin Yang-Geon not only pushed his sword but also those of his sajaes at the same time.

Jin Yang-Geon shook his head.

“You cannot possibly intimidate people with those skills. I think Southern Edge has just turned arrogant.”

“H-How dare you put Southern Edge in such a bad light!”

Jin Yang-Geon thrust his sword ahead.

“This is what a sword that protects should be. This is the sword of Mount Hua.”

And as he said it, his sword began to split.

The people around were all shocked.

In an instant, the number of swords had changed to dozens, and as if it wouldn’t end there, they further grew. Soon, white and red Sword Qi began to spread all around.

The entire place was filled with his Sword Qi. The red and white Sword Qi was amazing as if they were looking at a wide flower field.

“That is the Plum Blossom Sword technique!”

Everyone shouted at that.

As if living up to their hopes, the Sword Qi exploded and rushed towards the three.

Gwa Hyuk-su’s face turned pale. It was a sight as if his entire vision was covered.

Before the thought of fighting back even came, numerous Sword Qi swept through their bodies.

The shocking Sword Qi went into the air, and all that remained were the three fallen Taihang Three Swords.

Jin Yang-Geon, with a slightly pale face, said,

“It seems like Southern Edge doesn’t teach not to intimidate others with force. Mount Hua will never stand by and ignore such an attitude. Remember, the sword exists not to show off but to protect the weak.”

A short silence, and then came the huge cheers.

“Mount Hua! As expected of Mount Hua!”

“Mount Hua didn’t get famous for nothing! He looks like someone straight out of a book!”

Jin Yang-Geon, who waved his hand in the direction of the cheers, approached Jin Pyung.

“Ah… yes, yes! I am fine.”

Jin Yang-Geon smiled.

“Thank goodness, then. If you have any problems, come to me anytime.”

“Yes, yes! Warrior, thank you so much!”

Jin Yang-Geon lightly tapped the man and then turned around, walking through the crowd that didn’t stop cheering.

In this heated land, Jin Pyung looked a bit doubtful.

‘Something feels a bit off….’

From the behavior to the atmosphere, there was something very different from the disciples of Mount Hua he had seen in person and this man. A small sense of strangeness didn’t leave his mind.

Someone of that skill couldn’t possibly be impersonating Mount Hua.

But Jin Pyung didn’t know.

A faint smile flashed on the lips of Jin Yang-Geon as he left the crowd behind.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.