Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Wasn’t that great?”

The faces of those talking were flushed.

Of course, it wasn’t uncommon for warriors of different sects to spar. However, it was rare to see one happen like this in broad daylight, with everyone watching, with the name of a sect so far from here.

Having witnessed the most rare sect’s person, they naturally had a lot to speak about.

“It really is Mount Hua! The Taihang Three Swords should have their reputation in Hubei!”

“Yeah, what is so good about those three? They are nothing compared to the disciples of Mount Hua!”

“What reason do they have to come down here? Those people are like saints in heaven! They are the Taihang Three Swords!”

It was difficult for normal people to ever see the faces of the Nine Great Sects’ disciples even once in their lifetime. So, even if one had the title of Taihang Three Swords, one could pretend to be the most skilled.

“And such people got taken down with a single sword movement!”

“Did you see that sword qi? I guess that is the famous technique of Mount Hua.”

“Um. But it is a little different from what I thought….”

“I heard that the plum blossom sword in Mount Hua flutters like flower petals, but what I saw earlier wasn’t petals….”

“Yeah, this jerk! What nonsense are you saying! Even if they say the blade of a sword pierces the sun, will it actually pierce it? Does the sword which causes waves really bring water?”

The man who was shouting clicked his tongue as if he heard something pathetic.

“The term is bound to be exaggerated. In the first place, how does it make sense for one to make petals with sword qi? It is just to describe.”

“That is what I heard. It makes sense.”

“That was enough flower-like sword strength! After seeing it, I realized how great Mount Hua is. No matter what, he took down the three swords of Southern Edge with just one movement! I don’t know it all, but isn’t that a skill comparable to that of Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon or the Righteous Sword of Hua?”

“Ehh! You are going too far! Where is Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, who is called the best in the world now, and the Righteous Sword of Hua, said to be the strongest among the late disciples of Mount Hua?”

“Hmm? Right… I did take it a bit too far. Anyway, it means that he is someone who really has the right to be boisterous. I am more curious as to why such a person wasn’t known until now.”

“I agree with that, too. It is truly nice.”

Everyone who gathered in small groups was busy talking about the spar.

“Can’t he be from a sub-clan?”

“Yes, I heard Mount Hua has one in Hubei, too, but I didn’t know their sub-clan disciples were this good. If we had no idea, no one would have realized it.”

“Isn’t that why Mount Hua’s name is spreading throughout the world?”

The man turned his head. Jin Pyung.

A person who was very excited asked, puzzled.

“Why are you so silent?”

Jin Pyung was a bit shocked at how he got noticed.

Even after he hesitated, he decided to speak.

“He wasn’t someone I saw on Mount Hua.”

“Haha. You too. If you stopped there for a while, how would you know all the disciples?”

“No… rather, doesn’t a sect have its basic clothes and its own atmosphere?”

“Tsk. In the first place, aren’t the clothes worn by the monks inside the temple and those outside different? In addition, aren’t the clans with a strong nature like Mount Hua allowed to wear normal clothes when going out?”

Jin Pyung wasn’t convinced.

He didn’t know Mount Hua that well, so he couldn’t possibly say what the problem was. But there was an odd discomfort that wasn’t letting him calm down.

“Ugh, fine, it could all be in my mind.”

“Tsk tsk. This person. Enough with your stupid nature and think. Let us say that man is an impersonator. Will Mount Hua be still?”

Jin Pyung felt goosebumps rise at those words.

He could see the back of Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, who suddenly kicked a person right in the face.

‘Right, if they knew, it wouldn’t continue.’

A strong man is scary. But a strong and insane man is scarier.

“Right, true. Maybe not.”

But what if there really is something wrong?

Maybe that man will live to see hell.

Jo Gul ran ahead with all his might.

His body felt lighter than ever.

Right, in the past, they always pulled metal carts. When they felt like they could get a break, they happily beat up people by sparring and all, and when they got used to it, they secretly put their foot down and lost their temper….

‘Just thinking of it makes me enraged. That damned bastard!’

Well, they had been doing such ridiculous movements, but now to run barefoot, without a cart to pull or baggage to carry, he couldn’t be more relaxed.

But… Jo Gul realized something was odd.

It wasn’t because of the luggage or baggage, but just the fact that moving with this damned one was problematic.

“Hehehe! Heheheheh! I-I cannot go further… huk… huk!”

“T-that insane bastard….”

“Yaah! Stop! Stop now! Bastard, stop there!”

Baek Cheon, who was running shakily until he was out of breath, eventually kicked the ground with all his might and pushed himself. And Chung Myung, who was running in front, had his waist grabbed.

Chung Myung looked around with eyes wide open.

Baek Cheon gritted his teeth and cursed.

“I cannot run anymore, you bastard! Do you want to kill us!?”

“I cannot tell you how far we ran!”

“You insane bastard!”

“Huh? Where did Soso go?”

“… She got left behind, so Yu-samae is dragging her.”

At these words, Chung Myung tilted his head and clicked his tongue.

“Tsk, if you have such a weak body, how can you even do anything?”

“What now, you bastard!”

“You brat! What is with you?”

They scolded him without thinking, but Baek Cheon, Yoon Jong, and Jo Gul were so quick to speak that even Chung Myung flinched.

The three people from the Mount Hua sect could accept that they couldn’t fight him, but being called physically weak was something they wouldn’t tolerate. This was an insult to the training they had undergone so far.

“Yah, you insane bastard! Even horses don’t run like this!”

“Of course, they should be! Is it alright for warriors to only talk their way through?”

When Jo Gul, who was speechless, turned around as if asking for help, Baek Cheon sighed heavily.

“Why don’t you think about using your brain these days?”

“If we continue like this, we will fall before we reach Jiangxi. Then wouldn’t we cause more setbacks? I know you are in a hurry, but calm down now, you bastard!”

“Do I look like I can calm down?”

Chung Myung did look like he couldn’t do it. Yu Yiseol came running from behind with Tang Soso on her back. She arrived and carefully placed Tang Soso on the ground.

“Ughhh… th-this bastard sahyung… he….”

In the meantime, Tang Soso was holding her hands tightly with a needle in them. Yoon Jong felt goosebumps rise for no reason at all.

“Look now. Soso couldn’t handle it.”

“Tsk tsk. And she is from the Tang family….”

“What, you bastard… ah, I feel dizzy….”

Everyone was silent as they watched Tang Soso collapse.

‘… Even she is turning into a bandit these days.’

‘She fainted, and yet she is holding that needle in her hand.’

Baek Cheon, looking at Tang Soso, who had fainted, asked Chung Myung.

“Why are you like this? It’s not like he’ll run away after hearing about us.”

“Right. And according to the branch leader, didn’t he say there hasn’t been an accident until now? If someone were the type to cause trouble, they would have done it already.”

Yoon Jong also chimed in. Chung Myung smiled.

“Sasuk and sahyung, being you must be nice.”

“Because you both can live without thinking.”

Chung Myung’s face contorted.

“Do scammers ever announce they’re going to scam you beforehand? Basically, a scammer is the most sane person in the world until he commits the actual scam!”

Uh… that was also true.

“If you wait for someone to cheat you, it will already be too late! If I see this bastard doing something, I’m sure he’s ready to commit it!”

Jo Gul raised his arm.

“I think you can trust Chung Myung’s words a hundred times over this one incident!”

“Don’t similar kinds of people recognize each other’s minds? If you see through the eyes of the bastard, he can be considered a scammer, too.”

“You are… persuasive!”

Just as Baek Cheon was thrilled by the answer, Jo Gul got kicked by Chung Myung and fell.

“It doesn’t take much to defeat you….”

Chung Myung glared at Baek Cheon.

“Well, in my opinion, this bastard is up to something. Do you know how many such bastards I’ve come across? I will never ever be scammed in my life!”

“… when did you get scammed?”

“There was such a time!”

Chung Myung turned his gaze to Jiangxi’s Province. He spoke as if spitting flames.

“I smell something fishy….”

“Which is why I said to bathe…”

Chung Myung suppressed his anger and then said.

“One hour! We are taking just one break for now. After that, we will run non-stop to Jiangxi, so everyone should be clear about this! If you fail, I will leave you behind!”

‘Whether he is a scammer or not, I will be the one dying because of that guy.’

“Too… I got hit too hard.”

A night when the sun had completely set, and darkness had fallen, the Taihang Three Swords were tending to their wounds in their place.

As their bodies were being wrapped with bandages, they all gritted their teeth, unable to hold back their anger.

“Should we leave him alone?”

“I feel like I am dying here.”

Gwa Hyuk-su, the leader of the Taihang Three Swords, glared harshly at the two sajaes. The two people, with stinging eyes, quickly shrunk their necks.

“No, that isn’t it…”

“But it is a bit harsh, right?”

Gwa Hyuk-su clicked his tongue and looked down at his shoulder. Seeing the shoulder, which was covered in a red bruise, he could assess its condition.

It was a time when the three were furious about Jin Yang-geon.

The sound of someone knocking on the door. The three of them went stiff.

But before they had time to react, the door of the hall opened.

Anger flared intensely in the three of them as they watched who stood in front of the door.

This was because the one who came was Jin Yang-geon, who had sparred with them before.

Jin Yang-geon entered the place with his white robe waving.

There was this high tension like the entire room would explode.

“Y-You bastard! You said you wouldn’t hit hard!”

When the second of the Three Swords shouted, Jin Yang-geon said,

“Haha. But thanks to you, everyone got fooled nicely!”

A look of victory spread across the face of Jin Yang-geon.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.