Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Jin Yang-Geon gulped, feeling the burn in his throat.

‘Must be expensive.’

The orchid in the scroll hanging on the wall seemed so alive. Even for him, someone who knew nothing about paintings, it was clear that the price of the painting was exorbitant.

The chair he sat on was also peculiar. It was clearly black, but it had a soft red glow made from rosewood, which he had only heard about.

Just by looking at the rosewood chair, which was said to be used only by the Imperial Family and high-ranking officials, he could guess that the owner was a man of wealth.

‘Then even this has to be expensive.’

Jin Yang-Geon looked at the teacup in front of him, and his fingers trembled.

The gorgeous pattern engraved on the pure white porcelain caught his eye. He couldn’t even touch the teacup because he feared he would have to pay too much if he dropped it by mistake.

‘It is said that the Golden Sword Order’s wealth makes the world tremble, and I guess it is no exaggeration.’

What he saw on the way to the room, in the heart of the office, was so bright. Just how hard was it for him to not look shocked?

However, the luxury of the guest room was nothing compared to what he had seen back then.

Jin Yang-Geon, who gulped a large amount of saliva, tried to maintain his composure so that no one would notice him.

‘We are almost there now.’

From here, not a single mistake can be made. If he acted wrongly and a mishap happened, he would never be able to forgive himself.

As he took a few deep breaths and tried to calm down, he heard someone calling from outside. Soon, the door opened, and three people came in.

Jin Yang-Geon slowly lifted the teacup.

He looked as relaxed as he could without seeming shocked.

Two people were following behind a middle-aged man in a blue robe. Anyone with even a little insight would know that the person walking in the center was Sang Man-Hee, the vice leader of this company.

Sang Man-Hee approached him with confident steps and bowed.

“I am Sang Man-Hee, the vice leader of this place. Please forgive us for not being able to greet you right away despite having you here as a guest.”

“Don’t worry about that.”

Jin Yang-Geon lightly shook his head and bowed back.

“Is there anyone who doesn’t know that the Vice-Leader of the Services is like the supreme governor of this world? Those who work are always busy and tired, and if we blame someone for being busy with work, the world will criticize me, Jin Yang-Geon, for being an ill-natured person.”

“… as expected. I have heard about your good nature.”

“It is all an exaggeration.”

Sang Man-Hee sat across from Jin Yang-Geon with a gentle smile.

“I always admired the name of Mount Hua, but when I heard that a warrior of Mount Hua visited Nanchang, I couldn’t help but come to visit.”

“Thank you for that.”

“Excuse me, but I don’t know exactly what level you are in Mount Hua….”

Jin Yang-Geon smiled and lowered his head, a bit flustered.

“As you know, Mount Hua is a sect that doesn’t promote itself as such.”

“Well, Mount Hua does not allow their disciples who are going on their revelation walk into the world to disclose their class. The class of those who participate in the official tasks will be inevitably revealed….”

“Ah… such an odd thing.”

Jin Yang-Geon added, looking at the expression of Sang Man-Hee.

“I hope you understand. As you know, the reputation of Mount Hua seems to have grown well recently.”

“Right. That is right. Doesn’t the entire world praise the name of Mount Hua?”

Jin Yang-Geon smiled at the words of Sang Man-Hee.

“As fame increases, people can easily become arrogant. This measure, given by the sect leader, is to prevent the disciples from turning arrogant. I hope the vice leader understands it.”

Sang Man-Hee nodded in admiration.

‘They say that Mount Hua is different from other places.’

Wasn’t this man also being humble and showing utmost consideration for others in each word? It was natural to understand why the name of Mount Hua had increased recently.

“How can we ever understand the true intentions of the sect leader, who possesses an immense Taoist mind? We can only assume what we have thought of to be right.”

“Thank you for understanding.”

Jin Yang-Geon smiled softly and sighed.

‘Till now, everything is going as expected.’

If one kept asking questions, something strange was bound to be found out. So it would be better to only talk about it in a glossed-over manner without speaking in-depth.

And surely, this man would have the desire to look good for Mount Hua, so it would not be possible to question what was done with the sect leader’s intention.

Jin Yang-Geon continued in a relaxed tone. It is better to talk about this and that as little as possible. So talk first, but make the voice relaxed and seem as plausible as possible.

“I don’t think that the vice leader, who must have a lot of work to do, would have asked an unknown warrior to come here without a reason. So, is there anything you would like to say?”

“Hahaha. How can you call yourself an unknown warrior? The story of Great Warrior Jin defeating the Taihang Three Swords yesterday has spread throughout the land. Moreover, I know that you have enhanced the reputation of Mount Hua by collaborating with us several times before coming here.”

“I just followed the teachings of the sect.”

The vice leader continued to nod his head.

“Right. Isn’t Mount Hua’s connection with us well-known? I heard that even Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon and the Righteous Sword of Hua, who are renowned worldwide, are considering working together with us.”

Jin Yang-Geon nodded happily and said,

“Those guys have a lot to learn.”

When Sang Man-Hee’s eyes sparkled, Jin Yang-Geon was shocked and waved his hand.

“Ah, forgive me. Just forget what I said.”

“Y-yes! I heard nothing.”

Although he said he would pretend he didn’t hear, Sang Man-Hee’s eyes shone even brighter.

‘Calling the Righteous Sword of Hua so casually means that this man is above them.’

The plum blossom pattern on his clothes, his ability to take down the Taihang Three Swords with one swing, and his words to the disciples of Mount Hua—all these were indirect clues to who he was.

How else would a warrior who cut down the Taihang Three Swords with a single swing of his sword put everything aside and pretend to be a disciple of Mount Hua? If he had the skills, he could even make a name for himself without the ties to Mount Hua.

‘If his rank is that high, we can discuss the details then!’

Sang Man-Hee spoke with a bright look.

“Great warrior Jin.”

“It isn’t something huge, but as the vice leader of the Golden Sword Order, there is something I want to ask of you, great warrior Jin.”

“If this is a favor….”

“First… is Mount Hua a sect that is looking for a mediator?”

At those words, Jin Yang-Geon said,

“How can I, a mere disciple of Mount Hua, say that?”

“Ah… I made a mistake….”

“But, I want you to know that this is a place that strives to be on the right path more than any other sect in this world.”

Sang Man-Hee felt deeply impressed.

“Then I will trust you and speak. I don’t know if you have heard, but we are currently at war with the Iron Spear Clan nearby.”

“Hmm. I have only heard of it.”

“The Iron Spear Clan and our Golden Sword Order have never been on good terms. However, until now, there have only been minor conflicts, not a full-scale war… Recently, the situation has escalated because the Iron Spear Clan has invited warriors from the Ten Thousand People Clan.”

“Did you say Ten Thousand People Clan?”

Jin Yang-Geon’s eyes sharpened. Sang Man-Hee felt a surge of satisfaction.

‘The rumor that Mount Hua and the Ten Thousand People Clan are enemies isn’t entirely unfounded. And seeing how fiercely they reacted…’

“Yes. Unknown warriors from the Ten Thousand People Clan have started to assist them. Moreover, I believe they are providing direct support, not just a few warriors.”

As Jin Yang-Geon’s expression grew tense, Sang Man-Hee sighed.

“Great warrior Jin, I am not seeking any personal gain from this. As you know, Nanchang doesn’t have a reigning sect here. If the order falls, the Iron Spear Clan will begin to take over, and furthermore, Jiangxi might fall into the hands of the Ten Thousand People Clan.”

“That is a significant issue. But… did the other sects just stand by and watch as this happened?”

“Who would step forward?”

Sang Man-Hee shook his head.

“The sects around here, which surround the fertile land, aren’t interested in a place like this village. Even if they are interested, they would turn away when the Ten Thousand People Clan is involved.”

“That kind of thing…”

“Great warrior Jin!”

Sang Man-Hee grabbed Jin Yang-Geon’s hand.

“Now, our only hope lies with Mount Hua. I heard that Mount Hua does not tolerate injustice. Please protect our place from those wicked people!”

When Jin Yang-Geon still showed signs of hesitation, Sang Man-Hee slipped his hand into his wide sleeve.

“We aren’t asking for your help without offering something in return.”

He gently held out the slip he had pulled from inside his sleeve.

“If you help us, I will not shy away from showing my sincerity.”

Jin Yang-Geon’s eyes turned to the slip. But due to his role of not being interested in money, he quickly looked away.

“… Great warrior Jin?”

“It seems like you are greatly mistaken.”

Jin Yang-Geon shook his head.

“Mount Hua isn’t a sect that runs on money. Offering us money when asking for cooperation is an act of ignoring our sect.”

For a moment, Sang Man-Hee’s face turned as if he had made a major blunder, turning slightly white.

“I… I just wanted to express my feelings…”

“You really intended to express your feelings?”

Jin Yang-Geon looked at him, feeling sad.

“We cannot just sit by and watch the tricks being carried out by the wicked ones of the Ten Thousand People clan. Of course, the sect leader will draw his sword. But for that to happen, we need a cause.”

“Please bring us five times this slip.”

Sang Man-Hee looked at Jin Yang-Geon with a blank expression.

He said giving money was an insult to Mount Hua, and now he wanted them to give more? What did this mean?

“Have you heard about what happened in Wuhan?”

Sang Man-Hee nodded.

“We will use all the money given by the services to help the needy of Jiangxi and Nanchang. Then, your reputation will also increase. We, Mount Hua, will not be taking a single penny from it.”

“Yes, the Golden Sword Order will become a great place that serves the weak and poor, and then we will have a reason to help the services and draw the sword.”

Jin Yang-Geon continued to speak in a low tone.

“So, if you give me the money to give to the poor, I will also put in a word to Mount Hua and bring in the disciples from the main sect. Will that work?”

Jin Yang-Geon smiled for a moment when Sang Man-Hee’s face held a bit of uncertainty.

“On the day you lose to the Iron Spear clan, all your money will be lost. Then wouldn’t it be better to give the money to the weak ones?”

Those words felt like the final hit. Sang Man-Hee immediately nodded with a stern look.

“But… it takes some time to get a slip of that amount. You can receive it after the work is done….”

“No, that cannot happen.”

Jin Yang-Geon shook his head.

“As I said, this isn’t a reward but money to be given to all. Before Mount Hua joins this war, it will be meaningful to give relief to the poor in both your name and ours.”

“Ah… that is right.”

“When can that be ready?”

Jin Yang-Geon’s eyes contorted.

“It seems like the threat from the Ten Thousand People clan wasn’t as scary or urgent as I thought. Then, take your time and prepare. However, if you take too long, I will have to do something else…”

“N-No! You don’t have to rush! Please wait! Two hours! It will be done in two hours!”

“You don’t have to hurry like that….”

“No! Please wait here! We need a minute to sort things out!”

“If you say so, I will wait.”

Sang Man-Hee jumped up from his place without any further thought.

At the same time, his gaze went to the slip on the table. However, Jin Yang-Geon didn’t even look at the slip from the start until now.

“Thank you for the help! I am grateful for what Mount Hua is doing.”

“That is nothing. We are doing what we have to do.”

Sang Man-Hee jumped up and gave orders to the people around.

“Go to the money hall and retrieve our slips right now!”

“V-Vice Leader. I understand that you are in a hurry, but it hasn’t been confirmed that the man is Mount Hua’s disciple, and there is no guarantee that the man’s words will make Mount Hua come to help. And giving the slip ahead is….”

Sang Man-Hee shouted.

“Where can you find a warrior who defeats Taihang Three Swords with one swing? And do you think it is easy to find a warrior who can defeat them in this land? And why would someone like that call themselves a disciple of Mount Hua instead of Wudang or Shaolin?”

“It isn’t a small amount of money, but it is nothing compared to getting Mount Hua to move. If one can pay that much money to useless Taoists who only speak of rules and righteousness, then we will have more growth! So don’t speak nonsense to me!”

“Yes, I understand.”

When the guards bowed their heads and quickly disappeared, Sang Man-Hee smiled triumphantly.

‘Stupid Taoist bastard. So naïve. I will use this chance to wipe out those Iron Spear bastards!’

Jin Yang-Geom, who was left in the room alone, was also having the same thoughts.

Lips parted with white smoke coming out from them.

Chung Myung looked to the left and right with shining eyes and spoke like the devil he was.

A hungry animal approached the two snakes, which were curled up and waiting for a chance to devour each other.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.