Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Behind Chung Myung, who was cursing under his breath, the Five Swords, looking as if they were covered in clay and baked, were trembling.

“Oh my… I am dying….”

The warriors of Mount Hua, who were considered the best among all the existing sect disciples of their age in current Kangho, were on the verge of losing their souls from the run.

The hearts of the Five Swords, who arrived without fail, picking up the fallen ones, carrying those who fell, and holding on to those who were about to fall, were filled with care (?) for each other, which had sprouted before they knew it.

‘You should have just left me!’

‘You insane bastards! You didn’t even support me and dragged me here….’

‘Couldn’t I just die!?’

They arrived at Namchang and glared at Chung Myung with faces of anger. But Chung Myung was only glaring at the man with the eyes of a wild beast hunting its prey as if he couldn’t feel anything from them.

Baek Cheon, who had caught his breath, asked Chung Myung.

“What do we do now?”

“We do not know the face of that person, and we don’t know if that person is still here or not?”

“So first, grab a cup of tea, take a shower, and then we can start to slowly search the…”

But Chung Myung cut him off without even looking back.

“So, how will you lead Mount Hua?”

“You don’t know his face? Is he still here? What does all this have to do with our work?”

“… why does it matter, you idiot?”

“See carefully now. For anyone who leads people, tolerance is important.”

Chung Myung slightly raised his hand and folded it lightly.

And something black came out like a flash from behind the trees on the left and right.

“Is that an attack?”

At that moment, the Five Swords, who were down in exhaustion, got up in surprise.

“We greet Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon!”

“We were waiting! Welcome to our place!”

The welcoming greetings came.

Everyone looked at the people lying on the ground with blank faces.

“It is the Beggars Union, sasuk! The Beggars Union!”

“The Beggars Union is made up of beggars, right?”

“…Ugh, this man, your personality is getting worse each day.”

The Beggars Union glanced at Chung Myung and spoke quickly.

“We heard from the Hua-um branch leader. We will cooperate in any way we can!”

“Please look after us!”

Cold sweat formed on the back of Baek Cheon’s head.

Sure, Mount Hua and the Beggars Union… no, to be exact, the Beggars Union and Chung Myung were on good terms, so cooperating with each other wasn’t so strange.

But the problem was that the attitude here couldn’t be considered cooperation.

‘What kind of rumor is spreading in the Beggars Union?’

He had a question, but honestly, he didn’t want to know the answer. It was clear that if he found out, he would feel upset.

At Chung Myung’s short words, the Beggars Union people said.

“I will guide you there right now.”

As the beggars moved to run away, Baek Cheon and Jo Gul screamed in horror.

“Now, wait, let’s catch our breath…”

“Running again?! Again?”

Chung Myung shouted without even turning his head.

“You can catch the bastard and then rest! What are you doing! Go!”

The Beggars Union began to run away with all their might, and Chung Myung followed suit without waiting.

“Oh, shit! For real!”

“Enough running! Stop ittttt! You bastardddd!”

The Five Swords all followed Chung Myung with tears in their eyes.

Actually, Chung Myung’s words weren’t wrong. If they wasted time and the person who caused the problem ended up leaving the place, they would have to run a greater distance to chase after him.

But the problem was that they hadn’t even been given the time to catch their breath now.

‘That damned bastard!’

‘Even if that bastard had to impersonate someone, why did it have to be Mount Hua?’

‘If he gets caught, I will grind him to a pulp and drink him!’

All of their anger was now directed at the impersonator.

The cause of this pain wasn’t just the impersonator. Rather, to be precise, the truth lay with him.

However, if a typhoon blew and the house fell, wouldn’t anyone blame the person who built the sloppy house rather than the typhoon? Because there was no point in blaming the typhoon which caused the pain.

In the same way, there was no point in blaming Chung Myung. It was the fault of that bastard who was making Chung Myung go insane like this.

“I don’t know who it is, but I will scratch him to death!”

“That is a rude thing to say, but I agree with you now!”

With red eyes and clenched fists, the disciples of Mount Hua ran to the Golden Sword Order.

The guard, Jo Mu-Seong, who was at the main gate of the manor, frowned, watching this group of people run toward him.

“Look there, there!”

Yeom Gong, who was also in charge, flinched as he watched what Jo Mu-seong was pointing at.

The clothes were all brown-colored due to the dirt on them, and it was difficult to recognize the original color of their hair. Stains dripped down from the faces exposed through the messy hair.

Yeom Gong shouted like lightning and blocked the beggars.

The young beggar who was running in front stretched out his legs, skidded, and stopped. Yeom Gong sternly said.

“You people! Where do you think you are to make this fuss…!”

However, the beggar in the lead cut off his words.

“Isn’t the man from Mount Hua inside?”

Yeom Gong frowned and looked at the beggar, then got angry.

“Have you all lost your minds? Use the expression of a nobleman when referring to the warrior of Mount Hua! You look like bandits!”

He clicked his tongue and reached for the sword at his waist.

“It would be right to shout, but since we have guests, I will let this go gracefully for once. Now go, be grateful to us. If you do this again, know that you will not be safe.”

Between this exchange of words, Chung Myung, who had specialized in listening to what he wanted and forgetting what he didn’t, reacted.

Surely, this time too, he only heard the words Mount Hua, guest, and nobleman.

Chung Myung’s eyes rose.

“That fucking scammer!”

When he tried to push past the people standing beside him and enter, two people grabbed him by the shoulders at the same time.

“Uh, young Taoist! Didn’t you hear what this friend said now? Go now.”

Chung Myung frowned as he looked at his shoulder.

Baek Cheon, startled at that, hurriedly stepped in.

First, he politely explained the situation.

“We have come from Mount Hua, Shaanxi. We are here to check in the village because we heard about someone impersonating a Mount Hua disciple here, so we request your cooperation.”

The two people tilted their heads and looked at Baek Cheon. He looked a lot better than those he came with, but compared to the Mount Hua warrior they saw earlier, he looked pathetic.

“…Where did you come from?”

“Mount Hua Sect from Shaanxi.”

Yeom Gong laughed openly. Jo Mu-seong didn’t laugh, but he turned his head to the side with lips twitching like he couldn’t hold the laughter back.

Yeom Gong’s entire body was trembling as he shouted.

“You people really need a lesson to come to your senses now!”

“You know what kind of place the Mount Hua sect is, and yet you pretend to be from there! The Mount Hua sect has a name for being a noble Taoist sect! How dare you talk about Mount Hua using that mouth of yours!”

Baek Cheon looked at Chung Myung with anger.

“This is why I said we need to wash up first, you bastard!”

“Tsk tsk. Don’t say it. Just don’t say it. How can these young people think to scam others! If I hadn’t met the man from Mount Hua in person just a moment ago, I would have been fooled! There is nothing more to say. I tried to show consideration because you are young, but you are testing my patience. I will show you how harsh the world is! Get out of here!”

His words revealed how ferocious he was now.

Baek Cheon sighed deeply and looked at Chung Myung with a sad face. Then Chung Myung smiled.

“Why are you considering this difficult? All we need to do is prove we are from the Mount Hua sect.”

An evil smile appeared on Chung Myung’s lips, making Baek Cheon flinch back in fear, purely on instinct.

“Right… how to prove it? Ha, such a difficult task. So difficult.”

“It is so difficult that I cannot think of any other way.”

The moment Chung Myung held his sword sheath, Baek Cheon closed his eyes tightly, and Chung Myung grinned as he said,

“There is no other way, so please understand. I had to. I need to enter.”

“This guy, even after all this…!”

“I said it all in advance, so… now it is all your responsibility!”

Chung Myung’s eyes shone.

Golden Sword Order leader Sang Man-hee handed a bundle of money slips to Jin Yang-Geon.

Jin Yang-Geon quietly looked at the slips on the table. Although his face appeared calm, his hands, hidden below the table, were shaking with excitement.

‘How much is this… is all this really…’

In the face of such a large sum of money, which he had never even imagined in his life, he tried to gulp down his saliva and desperately calmed himself.

Jin Yang-Geon grabbed his thighs, suppressing the trembling, and spoke as calmly as possible.

“I have heard that Lord Sang is in a good mood, but I had no idea that your decision would be this firm.”

“Why would we ever doubt Mount Hua? If we were to doubt the famous Mount Hua, the entire world would criticize us.”

Jin Yang-Geon smiled and nodded, slowly placing his now trembling hand on the table.

“All this money will be used to help the hungry. And I would never turn a blind eye to the advice of a leader who helped the poor.”

“If you would do that, what more could I ask for? Truly, thank you, warrior Jin. No! Taoist!”

Sang Man-Hee grabbed Jin Yang-Geon’s hand.

Jin Yang-Geon nodded with a relaxed expression and stretched out his other hand to take the bundle of slips.

However, Sang Man-Hee and Jin Yang-Geon’s heads turned at the same time because of the loud explosion and screams from outside.

Sang Man-Hee’s face turned pale from the sounds he continued to hear.

“An attack? At our place?”

His eyes turned to Jin Yang-Geon right then.

“T-Taoist. It seems like they are already attacking us, the Iron Clan…”

Jin Yang-Geon smiled an awkward smile.

“Haha. They are pups for the day… they don’t know that tigers are scary… do not worry. I will handle it.”

Sang Man-Hee’s face turned brightly red.

“Let us go out together!”

“Ah. First, let’s take care of the slip…”

Sang Man-Hee looked at Jin Yang-Geon with blank eyes.

Facing that doubtful gaze, Jin Yang-Geon broke into a cold sweat.

But then the commander burst in.

“What is happening? Is it the Iron Clan? Those people who…”

“N-No! It isn’t them!”

Sang Man-Hee’s face went black.

If it wasn’t them, then who would attack their office right now?

The commander looked at Jin Yang-Geon and said,

“Mount-Mount Hua… they are claiming to be from Mount Hua and are causing havoc. The disciples are trying to block them, but it isn’t enough….”

Sang Man-Hee scolded him, questioning the absurdity.

“Mount Hua? What kind of nonsense is this? Why would Mount Hua cause trouble here?”

“Who is impersonating Mount Hua…”

With a loud explosion, the inner door of the main building burst open. At the same time, many of his men were thrown out like frogs kicked by children.

Sang Man-Hee blinked at the unbelievable sight.

The sight of a monster stomping and destroying the place.

A body covered in dust, bright shining eyes, a sight that made people tremble.

The monster made a strange sound and slowly turned his head left and right, and his gaze fell on Sang Man-Hee.

“Who is the Mount Hua bastard?”

The eyes were blazing, and this monster was Chung Myung.

“What kind of bastard is using the name of Mount Hua? Come out! Will you not come?”

… was he from Southern Edge?

That was the first thought Sang Man-Hee had when he heard those words.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.