Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Yoon Jong swung the sword from its sheath.

If he swung with his sheath, the sword would end up being heavier and more precise, too.

And it was no problem when dealing with these people.

Yoon Jong’s sword cut through the air like a normal sword and struck the people on the forehead.

Just enough to not cause them a serious wound but to make them lose consciousness.

Subduing an opponent without hurting them too many times. However, the sword of Yoon Jong moved lightly without any trouble.

“Be careful! They are no ordinary ones!”

The disciples of the Golden Sword Order were scared at the presence of Yoon Jong and stepped back.

“From where did these people even come from?”

“No, we told you from Mount Hua…”

“Don’t step back! Are you going to look weak to those Evil Faction bastards?”

“We are not from the Evil Faction!”

When Yoon Jong swung his arm again, the splendid sword qi surged from the tip of his sword.

“That strange sword technique! They are from the Evil Faction!”

He was going insane here!

‘No, maybe try using the Plum Blossom Sword technique?’

An impulse came to mind. But Yoon Jong shook his head.

The Plum Blossom Sword technique was a sword technique with too many variables, making it difficult even for the user to control. And if he unfolded the 24 Movement Plum Blossom Sword technique, which he hadn’t completed, it would be trouble.

If someone got hurt because of that, they might have to hide the truth of being from Mount Hua and run.

‘It isn’t worth that!’

The accident was something that Chung Myung had to cause, not them.

“Ahhhh! Take this! 24 Movement Plum Blossom Sword technique and the plum…”

“Don’t do it! You insane bastard!”

The sword that Yoon Jong reflexively threw hit Jo Gul on the back of his head.

Jo Gul fell to the ground with the same force as he was using to rush ahead.

Yoon Jong, who had never expected to hit him that hard, asked.

“Ah, right. Thank god.”

Yoon Jong, who approached and picked up the sword, looked down.

“Someone could have gotten hurt, so step back and stick to the Six Equilibrium Sword or the Seven Sages Sword!”

“… is that what someone who just hit at the back of the head should say?”

“It is alright because you are strong.”

Jo Gul turned his head.

It was clearly visible that several Taoists were cleanly defeating the warriors around them.

“I apologize! I will do it later, too. It wasn’t intentional… ahh, right. Avoid it now…”

From the perspective of the listener, Baek Cheon was saying things without any emotions and would have probably been fine burning them.

Yu Yiseol didn’t so much as cut their attackers with her sword sheath but was swinging it fiercely without care for the safety of others.

“I can use the Seven Sages Sword well!”

If one looked closely at Soso’s attacks, even though it was still clumsy, it was now looking more like a technique.

In front of those skilled tigers, the warriors were being swept away like fallen leaves in the wind.

‘I guess there is nothing we can do.’

In Jo Gul’s opinion, the warriors of the Order were too delicate and frail to handle them.

‘Still, they are lucky.’

Fortunately, there were only people who handled things with common sense here.

As Jo Gul turned his head, the back of the most ignorant guy came into view.

Jo Gul held his sword tightly again, mumbling for those who would have to deal with that guy now.

Was this what a cat looked like when the mouse was cornered?

There was an extremely satisfied smile on Chung Myung’s lips.

Sang Man-Hee looked at Chung Myung and the fallen elder, turning pale.

Oh Pil, the Third Elder of the Golden Sword Order, was a warrior who could not be easily touched. No one was better than him in terms of skills.

But now, that man had passed out, foaming at the mouth.

Chung Myung took a long, deep breath and then tilted his head.

For a moment, Sang Man-Hee felt overwhelmed by the pressure and replied politely. Although he realized his mistake, Chung Myung didn’t give him time to correct his actions.

“I don’t want to talk too much, so get out of my way now. I have business with that bastard.”

Sang Man-Hee gulped, not knowing what to do.

He, too, wanted to step down. Looking at this, he couldn’t handle the crazy guy on his own. How could he stop an opponent that the Third Elder couldn’t?

But he couldn’t back down again.

Sometimes, in life, pride was more important than profit. What would happen if there was a rumor that the leader of the Order gave in to the threats of someone whose identity wasn’t even known? And he gave up Mount Hua’s disciple? From that day, he wouldn’t be able to walk openly again.

In short, he would have to shut everything down.

“Y-You! No matter how strong you are, do you think you can intimidate the disciple of Mount Hua?”

So now, he had to just place trust in Mount Hua.

But the moment he heard the words, Chung Myung’s face contorted.

“You are really making things tough. How can you even take on the position of a leader with that ignorant nature?”

“Yah, you fucking frustrating man! Now is the time to notice things! We are Mount Hua!”

Chung Myung pointed a finger at Jin Yang-Geon.

“That bastard is a scammer!”

Sang Man-Hee turned to where Chung Myung pointed; the face of Jin Yang-Geon was pale.

His expression remained relaxed, but his facial features and the sweat on his forehead betrayed his true feelings. Sang Man-Hee’s mouth slowly opened as he looked at the pale forehead covered in sweat.

At that moment, his eyes shook as if experiencing an earthquake.

“Protect the leader!”

The warriors of the Order, seeing Chung Myung enter the office, rushed in without hesitation.

Normally, Sang Man-Hee would have appreciated such loyalty, but at this moment, he resented it.

Those who flew into the room attacked Chung Myung from all directions.

Chung Myung, irritated, stepped forward strongly.

A bright blue light shone from his eyes. Soon, Chung Myung’s fist neatly hit the chin of the person running in front.

The person hit directly in the chin flew up like a fired cannonball and landed straight into the ceiling.

A near kick followed, landing on the person running at him from the side.

With a sound as if the wind was escaping from holes, the one with their back bent like a shrimp bounced back faster than they had run in.

Their body was thrown against the wall, but unfortunately, the weak wall couldn’t hold it. The figure of the person who had just punched through the wall disappeared from sight as if it had never existed in the first place.

The bright eyes of Chung Myung zeroed down on those running in succession.

Then, those who were running furiously realized something was wrong and tried to step back. But since they were all just human, they couldn’t straighten their bodies, which were moving in flow.

The most upset face in the world suddenly appeared before their eyes.

“DO YOU GET ITTTT! OHHHHHH!”

Chung Myung’s fist filled the air.

This punch could hardly be called a technique. However, if that chaotic movement created dozens or hundreds of hits, and if the hits poured out at an absurd rate, then in itself, it was no different from a technique.

The person in the lead took a round fist to the eye. The pain that spread could only be described as dizzying.

But before he could scream in pain, another punch landed on his chin, and it felt like punches were raining down on him.

It was no exaggeration to say it felt like he was up against a wall of fists. As if a huge wall had collapsed and hit everyone, the punches rained down on them.

Those who were hit by the fists jumped into the air like frogs kicked by a child with all their might.

Watching the person, who was neither stone nor frog, flying here and there in the distance made them unsure if this was a dream or not.

Chung Myung, who had successfully attacked and thrown them all away, walked toward the person who had luckily escaped the punches.

The entire place became quiet.

And the moment their eyes met.

Chung Myung quickly grabbed the fallen man by the collar and, without another thought, swung his fist.

“People, huh? If they have a head, they should notice!”

“I told you! I am from the Mount Hua Sect! Huh? Have you heard of Mount Hua?”

“No shit! There comes a time when I have to prove I am from the Mount Hua Sect. Why? Why? Should I go around with a plum blossom stuck to my head? Huh? Or should I get a tattoo on my body using the Plum Blossom Sword technique?”

The neatly rounded jaw dropped, and the man foamed at the mouth.

Only then did Chung Myung click his tongue and stand up.

“That is why I said to use words.”

But unfortunately, Sang Man-hee had to keep that question in mind. That was because this demon was glaring at him now.

Chung Myung cracked his neck and then clenched his fists. The oddest sound of bones cracking could be heard. He had probably heard things like that countless times in his life, but now he had goosebumps all over his body.

“What should we do if you still don’t believe it? You want to check it for yourself?”

Sang Man-Hee shook his head.

To be honest, he didn’t care whether this guy was a disciple of Mount Hua or someone impersonating one.

He only learned one thing: if he said things like “I still don’t believe,” it would result in a broken jaw, making him foam at the mouth and collapse.

Chung Myung tilted his head.

As Sang Man-Hee shouted, even stuttering, Chung Myung smiled.

“It is said that if you treat someone with sincerity, you will get along well. Kuak!”

Sang Man-Hee was lost.

That guy definitely treated everyone here with sincerity. It was the first time in his life that he had ever seen a person who seriously and sincerely beat someone up.

“If you understand, then move aside for a moment…”

Chung Myung, who was speaking with a smile, flinched for a moment. Then he turned his head to the left and right.

In an instant, his face contorted like a devil.

“Where did this bastard go?”

Sang Man-Hee looked back in surprise.

The place where Jin Yang-Geon was sitting was empty. The man had disappeared with the slips he had given.

“No, this bastard dares to run away?”

Fire spewed out from Chung Myung’s eyes.

He gritted his teeth, glaring at the wide-open window behind him.

“I tried to kill half of you, but you will die now! You scammer!”

Chung Myung, who seemed ready to jump, turned his head to look at Sang Man-Hee.

Seeing that crooked gaze, Sang Man-Hee unconsciously shrank his neck. Chung Myung spoke as if biting onto the words.

“If I miss that bastard, you die too.”

“Whether it’s your Order or anything, I will crush you! I am saying it!”

With those words, the floor rose for an instant as if it was going to burst, and at the same time, Chung Myung’s form disappeared before the eyes of Sang Man-Hee.

Sang Man-Hee looked blankly at the spot where Chung Myung had been standing just a moment ago. At that time, Mount Hua’s Five Swords cleaned up all the other disciples of the Order and stepped in. They looked around.

“Looks like that guy jumped.”

“Chung Myung seemed to have chased after him?”

“Haaa… we are really running too much today. Let’s go!”

Soon, they entered and then jumped out the window, too.

Sang Man-Hee, who was left standing, looked at the window and turned. The sounds of suffering, death, and cries surrounded him.

“Ah… oh my. I am dying…”

Sang Man-Hee slumped down on the spot.

“This… what is happening…”

There wasn’t a single blade of grass left where the typhoon called Chung Myung had swept through.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.