Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Jin Yang-Geon was literally running for his life.

’Damn it! Damn it! Fuck!’

Why did it all end up like this?

It was almost done. It was really almost done. All he had to do was take the money calmly and then run away when he had the chance.

But everything was taken down by those strange people who suddenly broke in.

‘Damn it, who the hell were those people?’

Were they really from Mount Hua?

They could be, but he couldn’t know.

Of course, they didn’t seem that impressive at first glance. Still, unless they were disciples of the Nine Great Sects, they wouldn’t be able to defeat the warriors of the Golden Sword Order with such a small number.

‘Just how did they get here so quickly…?’

When the work had begun to unfold recently, how could they have known about this and sent the disciples from Shaanxi, which was so far away?

No, it didn’t matter how they knew. According to his calculations, Mount Hua shouldn’t have arrived here until he had completed his task.

Then what made the disciples of Mount Hua arrive so quickly?

Jin Yang-Geon glanced back with exhausted eyes.

Please! Please take more time…

“YAH YOU BASTARDDDDDD!”

Jin Yang-Geon’s head, which was facing forward, suddenly turned back. When he saw someone who seemed like a dot running towards him, he was shocked.

‘Damn it! Those useless Golden Sword Order!’

They were looking so fucking proud, but they couldn’t even delay these people!

“If I catch you, you bastard, you will be dead! Stop there! Will you not stop!”

‘Who would even listen to that insane bastard!’

Even though the distance was wide enough to not see the man following, the voice could be heard clearly. Jin Yang-Geon knew that only those with the purest internal qi could make such a voice, so he brought out all the internal qi in his body and directed it to his legs.

“Is this bastard wanting to die? Will his legs not give out?”

While running as fast as he could, Jin Yang-Geon couldn’t help but have doubts. How can someone run so fast and still talk?

“Okay! You need to run fast! I don’t know what I will do if I catch you, so don’t even think about getting caught!”

His bones were turning weak.

It couldn’t be happening, but it felt like he could hear the sound of teeth grinding in his ears. When he reflexively turned his head, he saw that the figure, which had looked almost like a dot a couple of seconds ago, was now close enough to make out a shape.

Jin Yang-Geon, who was so scared at the moment that he almost fell, barely managed to keep his balance.

‘Why is he so fast?’

Although it was only a little bigger to the eye, it was clear that the distance had narrowed by almost half. If things continued like this, it wouldn’t be long before he ended up in that guy’s hands.

“Uh-huh! Run faster, you bastard! If you don’t want your head to break!”

Jin Yang-Geon, who was pale and exhausted, moved his legs more desperately now.

‘If I get caught, I’ll die.’

He didn’t know about other things, but this much was certain. The madness and the killing intent in that strange guy’s voice were evident. It was very obvious what would happen the moment he got caught.

Didn’t he see with his own eyes a little while back how he beat others up?

Unless the sword on his waist was an ornament, he must be a swordsman, and if he beat the warriors in the Golden Sword Order with his bare fists? It would be really nice if he could at least get a bone untouched after being caught by him.

The good news was that this could be resolved by running. He had already run far. If he could escape just this one guy, he could change his identity and live a quiet life elsewhere.

“What are you doing, you damn bastard!”

Jin Yang-Geon shouted and looked ahead with red eyes.

He had definitely decided to join the Three Swords around here, but there was no sign of them.

Jin Yang-Geon was thrilled to hear the voice of the Taiheng Three Swords, who had been hiding and waiting, appear from behind the tree. Jin Yang-Geon hurriedly shouted.

“Great hyung! Great hyung! They caught us!”

Gwa Hyuk-So, the eldest of the Taiheng Three Swords, distorted his face and glared at Jin Yang-Geon, who was running towards him.

“N-No! It isn’t the Golden Sword Order! There is just one!”

Jin Yang-Geon, who stopped right in front of them, pointed to the back.

Gwa Hyuk-So frowned when he saw Chung Myung running towards him like a mad cow, foaming at the mouth.

Since there was only one person, Gwa Hyuk-So snorted.

“I hope no one catches up with me, but if it’s just one guy, it doesn’t make any difference. Kill him and cover his mouth!”

At his words, the two younger sajaes drew their swords.

Jin Yang-Geon, taking advantage of the chance to retreat, left them alone and started running.

“Great sahyung! That guy is escaping!”

Gwa Hyuk-So burst into laughter.

“Leave him alone. It isn’t too late to sort him out and chase him down. It seems like the idiot thinks he can get away.”

The attention of the three turned to Chung Myung, who had approached right in front. He said, taking a couple of steps in front of the two sajaes.

“I think he’s still young. Don’t blame us if you die….”

Jong Yo’s mouth opened slowly.

They stopped, unable to understand the scene before their eyes.

Therefore… great sahyung… uh… that… uh, right, Great sahyung!

Something was stuck in the face of Great sahyung. It is long and…

Only then did Jong Yo understand the situation, and his body trembled.

Chung Myung, who was running in a straight line, increased his speed in an instant and stepped on Hyuk-So’s face in mid-air. It was hard to tell whether he stepped on it or kicked it.

Anyway, all Jong Yo could do was stare blankly at the granary, which was slowly falling back with a large footprint on its face.

Chung Myung, who had lightly stepped on a face, lifted his body into the air and ran ahead.

“No, you trivial shit! Get out of my way!”

Uh…. Ugh, wasn’t that something you said before stepping on someone?

Why was he saying it after?

It was the sound of his second sahyung’s scream that brought Jong Yo’s dazed mind back to reality.

Ma Wei-ryang let out a scream while running to his great sahyung.

“Y-You damn bastard!”

Then, his eyes turned red as he tried to chase after Chung Myung.

At that moment, another group of beggars appeared.

It was the Five Swords led by Baek Cheon. Baek Cheon understood the situation at a glance and shouted.

“Jo Gul! Yoon Jong!”

“Handle them! The rest, continue to chase after him with me!”

Jo Gul and Yoon Jong rushed ahead without delay and pointed their swords at the two.

Ma Wei-ryang shouted with a ghost-like contorted face.

“You bastard! Do you know who we are? Do the Taiheng Three Swordsmen look easy to you?”

“Taiheng Three Swordsmen?”

Baek Cheon’s face turned cold.

“Are you talking about the one who is a sub-sect of Southern Edge?”

Ma Wei-ryang flinched. Although he had shouted first, he realized that he shouldn’t have revealed their identity.

But the spilled water could not be brought back. If these people were killed, there would be no witnesses.

“Yes! We are the sub-clan of Southern Edge…”

Ma Wei-ryang was startled by the voice that suddenly came from behind. But there was no time to look back.

The immense pain that struck the back of his head made him roll his eyes and move ahead.

“Southern Edge? What, shit? Southern Edge?”

Chung Myung returned faster than he had been running, jumped right on the back of the man, and punched him on the head.

“Right! Oh, fuck! Something felt strange! Are you bastards from Southern Edge? Right, no one other than those bastards would give us such trouble! Die! Die here, you bastard!”

Ma Wei-ryang’s face sank into the ground, and Baek Cheon, seeing the cruel scene, mumbled.

“What happened between him and the Southern Edge?”

Now, he was truly curious about what had transpired.

“Ch-Chung Myung! If you continue doing that, you will miss that guy!”

Chung Myung got up and then turned to kick Jong Yo, who was still dumbfounded, on the back of the head.

Chung Myung glared at Jong Yo, who fell down and then turned and ran again.

“I will catch you! If I miss that bastard, you will all starve for a month!”

“At least say something that makes sense! Soso! Seal their blood points!”

The Five Swords, who had left Tang Soso behind, began to run ahead.

“I don’t see him! Which side?”

“I think he went this way!”

“Shut your trap and follow me!”

Chung Myung continued to rush ahead. The speed at which he could move at more than a dozen feet at a time was shocking.

‘Was he reincarnated or something?’

The Five Swords also chased after him, swearing inside.

As they ran ahead, it wasn’t long before  Jin Yang-Geon’s appearance came into view.

“No! Why is that bastard so fast!”

The moment Jo Gul grumbled, Chung Myung’s eyes, who was at the front, flashed.

Soon, he shot ahead at a speed incomparable to before.

Even Baek Cheon was shocked to see the speed.

“Here I comeeeeeee!”

Jin Yang-Geon, realizing that Chung Myung was behind him, pulled out his sword.

“What! This bastard pulled out his sword? If you swing that…”

Jin Yang-Geon’s sword began to tremble, and soon, red and white sword qi emerged, shocking Yoon Jong and Jo Gul.

They thought he was a scammer, but his skills seemed much better than expected.

The sight of the red and white sword qi moving in a chaotic form resembled the Southern Edge’s past technique, the Snow Flower Twelve Sword technique.

However, it was nothing more than a poor replica that didn’t properly utilize the advantages of either the Southern Edge or Plum Blossom sword techniques. At that level, it wouldn’t even scratch Chung Myung.

Baek Cheon anticipated Chung Myung’s next move. As usual, he would jump to the sword, destroy the opponent, and hit him on the chin.

In an instant, he saw something he never imagined.

Chung Myung, who was rushing like a devil, stopped.

Of course, Baek Cheon was shocked, but he didn’t doubt it. It wasn’t someone else but Chung Myung.

But then, Baek Cheon’s eyes shot open.

The clumsy sword technique of Jin Yang-Geon hit Chung Myung on the shoulder.

Blood flowed from the cut skin. Baek Cheon was shocked.

There was no way that Chung Myung could get hurt by such a sword technique. Then how did this happen?

All five of them rushed, screaming for Chung Myung.

The blood that flew into the air fell like rain. Baek Cheon was the first to run and grab Chung Myung’s shoulder, who stood still.

Without hesitation, Baek Cheon pressed on the wound to stop the bleeding and shouted.

“You bastard! What are you doing standing…”

But he couldn’t continue.

Chung Myung looked like a statue.

Baek Cheon had seen many faces of Chung Myung.

He saw Chung Myung screaming, angry, and laughing.

But… the expression he had now felt impossible to understand. Even Baek Cheon, who knew Chung Myung the best, couldn’t comprehend it.

He looked dazed but sad and…

At that moment, the mouth of Chung Myung opened slowly, with a groan-like voice coming out.

The voice was so low that it couldn’t be heard. No, even if they did hear, they couldn’t understand it. The Five Swords were more concerned about his wound than his words.

“You bastard! Why are you being taken down by that moron!”

“Wait! Stop the bleeding…”

Chung Myung’s eyes shone darkly, making Baek Cheon realize he was serious.

‘What is happening?’

Sensing the situation turning different, he turned and looked at where Jin Yang-Geon had run.

Chung Myung walked ahead like he was possessed.

“I need to confirm it.”

Even as he stepped there, Chung Myung looked only at the place Jin Yang-Geon had vanished into, as if he were chasing someone else.

Although the technique was odd, it was clear to his eyes.

The clumsy yet familiar shape with an immature purple qi.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.