Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Jin Yang-Geon was by no means a stupid person. Rather, he was smart; if he were stupid, he would never have attempted such a scam against the Golden Sword Order.

And he accurately understood the situation he was in as he ran.

It must be said that there was almost no way to escape safely.

Right now, his escape was just lucky, but considering their tracking skills and strength, even if he ran until he escaped, he would be caught before half a day passed.

There was the option to run and hide in a suitable place and wait, but this would also end up being nothing but a fluke.

The luck of the heavens didn’t shower down often.

And he had already reattached the head which fell off with one stroke of luck, and did he want to aim for another try? He would never do that.

After all those thoughts, Jin Yang-Geon gave up. Instead, he found the only way to survive.

Iron Clan’s Flash of Red Spear, Beon Song, looked at the slips on the table with strange eyes.

“So… you would like me to have these and then protect you?”

“Yes! Yes, clan leader.”

“Hahaha, you fucking rat.”

Beon Song burst into laughter and immediately got up from the place.

“Unidentified warriors have devastated the Golden Sword Order and are chasing you, so we should protect you to not let you die? And you were the one who was manipulating them earlier, right?”

Jin Yang-Geon gulped as he said with a slight stutter.

“Y-yesterday’s enemy could be today’s ally, right? If the benefits are mutual, then it is alright… right?”

“Benefit? Benefit, you say? Yes, that works.”

Beon Song said, smiling.

“But I think I have already reaped enough benefits? The money is here, so why do I need to protect you? All I need to do is take the money away.”

Jin Yang-Geon looked on with shaking eyes.

‘Damned evil faction people.’

But he did expect this to happen.

“But the money there isn’t all of it!”

The clan leader, who had looked away as if he had lost interest, turned his head back again.

“T-this money is just part of it! If you protect me, I will tell you where all the money is hidden.”

“How dare this cheater try to do business with me? Did you think you could use your tricks?”

“Is there a reason for that?”

Jin Yang-Geon wiped the sweat from his brow.

“Those people will be coming soon. If you defeat them, I will, of course, tell you where the money is. They will arrive sooner, and if I were to open my mouth under torture, why say it to them?”

Beon Song laughed, finding the situation absurd.

“You seem confident in your own mind, but you only know one thing and not the other. Even after defeating them, I can do the same. And how dare someone like you think you can negotiate with me!”

Jin Yang-Geon fell to the ground.

“How would I dare to negotiate with the leader! I am just an insignificant bastard begging to somehow save my life.”

Beon Song still frowned, clearly displeased.

“Right, look, leader,”

Another voice chimed in, and Beon Song turned to the side.

“Is there anything you have to say?”

“I don’t really care about that bastard… I am more interested in the ones chasing after him.”

“Because it makes no sense.”

One of them was seated at a luxurious table.

“Those people move around like it’s nothing. In particular, their area of activity is shocking. It wouldn’t be surprising if they suddenly appeared somewhere, whether in the Southern or Northern Central Plains.”

“… well, Shaanxi is a bit far from here….”

“Do you not believe me?”

Beon Song, shocked, bowed.

“How can that be! How dare I doubt you?”

The person scratched their chin and said,

“If my guess is right, we might catch a big fish.”

The person next to the man opened his mouth.

“We cannot do anything without checking if it aligns with what our Hegemony Lord wants.”

“Such foolish talk. Then, why not capture him alive and drag him here? Handle it like that.”

“Let’s wait and see. Do we really have a big catch coming?”

The man who had stopped speaking gestured.

“Mobilize the subordinates and prepare them.”

“I get it, but… the work of the Golden Sword…”

“Don’t worry about that.”

The man waved his hand as if to dismiss the concern.

“We will keep our deal. However, there is an order of precedence in things.”

A soft voice, as if adding something.

“I understand the clan leader’s desire to sort things out now that the Golden Sword order is in disarray. But for us, their confusion is meaningless. As soon as things are settled, the land will belong to the clan leader.”

“Of course, I believe it!”

The clan leader turned red as he bowed, and the man, scratching his chin, was lost in thought.

‘Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon…’

‘I cannot believe that a man of such renown, whom everyone is interested in, has appeared in this place. I guess I did end up lucky.’

It felt like he was searching for sand only to find a gem in it. Since they did come here for it, there would be no fool who would leave a gem behind.

‘Let us see this. Is it really Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon?’

A smile appeared on the man’s lips.

Chung Myung walked to the large castle in front of him at a pace that was neither slow nor fast.

Yoon Jong looked back at Baek Cheon with a stern face.

Baek Cheon nodded slightly to show that he understood what was being said.

This was entirely different from the Golden Sword Order.

They didn’t visit the former as enemies. There were a couple of minor misunderstandings, but those could be resolved. If they explained properly and provided the right money, they wouldn’t have a problem since there were no casualties.

But the place they were heading to now was none other than the Iron Spear clan, the evil faction’s land.

There was no way things would end well if they invaded the evil faction’s base. In all likelihood, there would be bloodshed.

So, how could they handle this situation on their own?

“No matter how bad it could be, attacking without any reason isn’t good. At least….”

“I know, Yoon Jong.”

Yoon Jong went silent as Baek Cheon stared at Chung Myung and then sighed.

“I know that, but I cannot stop it.”

“Let’s go. If we cannot stop him, we can at least support his back. I don’t know why he is doing this, but I am sure there is a good reason for it.”

Yoon Jong looked at Chung Myung with worried eyes. He was certainly different from the usual image of leading them to face an enemy with confidence.

Even after injuring his shoulder, Chung Myung was acting like it didn’t exist. Although he was speaking words, there was a discomfort as if he was a different person.

Maybe the situation there made him feel more uneasy.

Baek Cheon no longer looked back. He only looked at the back of Chung Myung and spoke in an unwavering voice.

“Believing only after understanding all the circumstances and weighing right and wrong isn’t faith.”

“If you people don’t trust him, trust me.”

Yoon Jong nodded, and Jo Gul with Yu Yiseol stepped ahead as if everyone was ready.

When Tang Soso had knocked out the three men, tied them up, and came ahead, Baek Cheon moved behind Chung Myung.

After a while, Chung Myung approached the large gate, and the guards there looked at Chung Myung with cold eyes.

“What business do you have here?”

Chung Myung, who had kept his head lowered, lifted it to see the guards, making them all flinch and step back.

In the Evil Faction, status was ultimately achieved through winning fights. As members of the Iron Spear Clan, they must have fought and killed many.

Which was why they instinctively knew.

What a dangerous person this man was.

“Someone who was running entered this place, right?”

There was no answer, but their eyes changed, making Chung Myung smile.

“That is good enough then.”

The huge iron gate shattered to pieces, with the guards falling to the ground, bleeding.

Chung Myung, who caused a commotion, walked inside indifferently as if nothing had happened.

As the dust settled, what Chung Myung saw were warriors lined up as if they knew he would come here.

The men held long iron spears in one hand and looked at him with an evil gaze; they felt more like soldiers.

Chung Myung glanced at them without a word.

Just then, Five Swords came in behind him, and Chung Myung said,

“Give me the guy who came here a while back. Then I will leave quietly.”

Chung Myung’s eyes scanned the place.

The Dark Fragrance Plum Blossom Sword was slowly pulled out from its sheath. The light flowing from the sword was cold.

“I have no choice but to spill blood.”

The warriors there held their breath at the ridiculous sight they saw. The number of people gathered there was more than 300.

More than 300 people were now unable to even breathe properly due to the pressure of just one man.

At that moment, the pavilion behind the yard opened violently, and clan leader Beon Song walked out.

“How dare you people let this….”

Chung Myung’s eyes slowly turned to Beon Song.

“Yes, I am Beon Song, the Flash of Red Spear, clan leader!”

“A rat had crawled in, right?”

Beon Song smiled at the question as if it were absurd.

“Well? I see six rats here.”

Chung Myung’s eyes darkened as this man wasn’t being obedient.

At that moment, a half-moon-shaped red sword qi rose from the end of Chung Myung’s sword and rushed toward Beon Song.

Beon Song, scared, hurriedly raised his spear.

The moment the spear with internal qi collided with the sword qi, the shock spread through his body.

The wrist holding the spear twisted to the extent that it felt like it would break. Beon Song let out a yell, more like a scream, and twisted the spear.

Finally, the sword qi was directed elsewhere, splitting everything it passed by.

Beon Song, now sweating, looked at Chung Myung with a pale face.

“W-what are you all doing? Catch those people right now and kill them!”

The warriors charged at Chung Myung and the Five Swords of Mount Hua at once.

Chung Myung grabbed his sword and glared coldly at those running towards him.

The sword, with a flash, released a blood-red sword qi. Before those who rushed in could react, the sword qi pierced through them, spilling blood.

Those who were bleeding fell down.

It was just one hit. The force of those who tried to rush at Chung Myung had stopped as if someone had thrown cold water on them.

“I am not in the mood for fun today.”

Chung Myung, with the sword hanging down, walked ahead.

“Anyone who blocks my path will die. No more warnings.”

The entire air of the clan felt cold.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.