Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Most people who saw this situation and heard Chung Myung’s words considered it a bluff.

Even if he was a disciple of Mount Hua, there were hundreds of warriors against him now.

One against a hundred.

The reason why this saying even existed was because one person couldn’t deal with many opponents. If something was easy, no one would praise it.

So, if most people looked at this current situation, it was natural and reasonable to accept it as confidence masking a weakness.

However, those who didn’t accept these words as mere bravado were, on the contrary, imitating each other while facing Chung Myung.

The tips of the spears they were holding trembled.

However, what shook more violently than the tips of the spears were their eyes.

After all, they were all people of the Evil Faction, so they were accustomed to blood. But even they couldn’t handle the pressure coming from Chung Myung.

“What are you doing!”

Beon Song, who felt his force waning, shouted.

He had been in power for a long time. He knew very well that if morale died before they even fought, he would lose without being able to do his best.

“The enemy is fewer! There is no need to be afraid!”

Actually, if it had been normal, instead of yelling like this, he would have run to Chung Myung first. He knew from experience that in countless battles, being a leader was the best way to raise morale.

But now he was just shouting from behind, not stepping forward.

The hand that blocked Chung Myung’s sword qi was trembling.

‘What kind of sword does this guy have…’

Just the thought of it made him feel a sense of strangeness.

If he had made a little mistake, the sword qi would have cut the spear and split his body, too.

The fear of death which had suddenly struck him was now not letting his feet move. It felt as if black hands rose from the ground and grabbed his feet.

The best he could do was shout without trembling.

It might seem crude at a glance, but it was effective. They had trained their whole lives to listen and respond to the command, so the moment the command was given, they flinched and took a step forward regardless of their will.

And when that happened, there was no turning back.

The moment the leader moved, everyone behind him also ran ahead. A subtle sense of relief rose in him as they rushed forward.

Those people, with their eyes wide open, gritted their teeth and rushed at Chung Myung.

The fact that you weren’t alone sometimes gave people courage.

Their mistake was not remembering the obvious fact that their courage was just arrogance.

Chung Myung stepped forward.

About a dozen spears rushed at him. It seemed like they would pierce him in an instant and turn him into a hedgehog.

Chung Myung didn’t move until the spears almost touched his body. The moment his eyes, which were sunk deep like a lake, changed, his sword was drawn.

It was a sword slash that struck rather than cut.

The moment it hit the spear thrusting in from the front, something strange happened.

The spear, which was pushed to the side, blocked the path of the spear that came after. The spears collided, causing them to stumble and get tangled with other spears.

A mistake no one would make if they had used spears and trained in joint formations even a little.

Actually, there was no mistake in the attack of the warriors. It was just that the opponent they were facing would not fall against it.

Chung Myung, who had disrupted the attack with a single hit, flew like a tiger into the space that the spears created.

His sword lowered slightly, hid itself, and immediately rose like a poisonous snake moving for its prey.

His rising sword split into dozens of forms. And they dug into the bodies of the warriors who hadn’t pulled back their spears yet.

Without the slightest hesitation, the tip of the sword dug into the fragile human body. The veins on the inside of the thigh were split, the stomach stabbed, the shoulder severed, and the neck cut.

The bright blue sword qi pierced vital areas as if it intended to kill them all. Every movement felt so precise.

Blood splashed out like a fountain from the cut areas.

Anyone could tell. If the bleeding wasn’t stopped, they would die right away. Excessive bleeding could kill a person in the blink of an eye.

If they didn’t want to die, they had to put the spear down and cover the wound. The warriors also let go of their weapons and grabbed their bodies.

And Chung Myung passed by them.

Although the bodies moved, his sword didn’t stop. His sword continued to cut people who came to block him.

Those who couldn’t maintain their balance fell down.

Those who had their necks cut clutched their necks without being able to scream.

Those stabbed in other places screamed loudly.

Different screams rang out around, and naturally that pushed more people into fear.

It wouldn’t have felt like this if those in front had lost their lives at once. Only when the body was cut, and the man was still alive did the fear continue to grow.

But the scene in front of their eyes was unfamiliar to those who were used to killing.

Wherever the swordsman with the sword hanging down passed by, people were falling, bleeding.

The fear of death was now clear in their eyes.

They couldn’t even look at the one opponent who was taking them down.

Chung Myung’s face, now contorted, felt evil to them. And this wasn’t something unfamiliar.

The combination of the expressionless face and the bleeding people instilled fear in those watching him.

“I clearly said it.”

Strangely, the voice was so clearly heard.

Chung Myung began to walk, blood dripping from his soaked pants.

“D-Don’t step back…”

As Beon Song was about to shout,

Chung Myung kicked the ground and rushed towards the men with incredible speed.

The frightened warriors drew their spears, channeling their internal qi.

A spear was generally better for defensive attacks. When dozens of spears aimed for the same target, they formed a wall of spear blades.

Seeing such a bright wall, no one would dare to attack it. But Chung Myung didn’t seem to care.

Facing the wall of spears, Chung Myung increased his speed and leaped into the sky.

With a sound as if the air was being torn, his sword descended diagonally.

A massive surge of internal qi rose from the sword, creating an almost circular flow. The sword qi struck the spears.

As soon as the flying sword collided with the wall, a large explosion occurred. The qi exploded, creating a gust of wind that swept them all.

Although the upper part of the defense line collapsed, the entire formation didn’t fall. Those who remained gritted their teeth, standing firm with blood-soaked arms, still holding their positions.

Chung Myung’s sword radiated Sword qi like a beam.

It was an attack closer to a spear thrust than a sword strike.

In an instant, the number of swords multiplied into dozens, accurately piercing the tips of the shaking spears.

The tips of the spears and the sword met.

A tiny dot caused by dozens of collisions in an instant.

Beon Song’s eyes widened.

Even if the spears were still, it would be impossible to stab their tips exactly. And even if that were possible, it would be even more impossible to strike with such force.

But weren’t those spears shaking now?

To stab dozens of spears shaking in different ways at the same time, like some puzzle piece?

That was already the realm of mastery beyond just simple martial arts.

Thanks to the previous explosion, there was no way anyone could handle the aftereffects and come out ahead. The spear struck by the sword of Chung Myung tore through the palm as if it were holding it and was pushed back.

The line of spears was only meaningful when they were sharply pointed. Even if a thousand, not just a hundred, troops had gathered, the battle line couldn’t hold.

Chung Myung pierced it as if it had no effect.

The sword looked venomous, like a snake, and went right for their vital points.

The terrible sound of a sharp blade cutting into flesh filled the air.

Those who had their thighs cut or their shoulders pierced were better off than others. The person whose throat was cut fell down with blood foaming in their mouth, and the person whose lung was pierced fell down with only the sound of air escaping.

The person who managed to hold a spear again with a torn hand screamed and jumped at Chung Myung.

However, what immediately made his blood cool as he rushed in with anger were the cold eyes that met him for a moment, devoid of emotion.

At that moment, his face turned pale when he realized what had happened.

The sword of Chung Myung pierced the man in the shoulder.

The pain and physical shock of being stabbed in the shoulder made him lose his grip on the spear, and the sword was pulled out even faster.

What the person who finally lost sight of the spear saw was dozens of swords rushing at him.

Shoulder, chest, stomach, and ankles.

In an instant, his body was torn apart like a bundle of hay with dozens of stabs.

The white-faced warriors began to hesitate.

At that moment, Chung Myung calmly turned around and spoke with an expressionless face.

Like a ray of black light, he rushed at the remaining troops.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.