Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Blood began to pour from the gap near a warrior’s chest. Before it dripped to the ground, most of it splattered back as the figure fell, and then Chung Myung swung his sword again.

The faces of the warriors were filled with despair.

He felt something sharp, and then his neck began to feel cut. Grabbing his neck, he felt something hot drip down from his throat and tried his best not to lose consciousness.

In an instant, all his strength left him, and everything he saw turned black. At some point, his body fell to the ground, with the dark-dressed swordsman stepping on something bloody.

Even as his consciousness faded, instinct made his hands move. The hand holding his neck so tightly that it turned pale was trembling, pressing the blood point.

He managed to stop the bleeding at some point and lay down, panting. If he hadn’t sealed the blood point, he would have died.

His face shook. At this moment, he had almost stepped into the otherworld, no, he hadn’t even gotten out of this one yet.

He looked to the side. The sight of the swordsman, swinging the sword as if dancing and painting everything in blood, appeared in his vision, which was turning hazy with tears.

That was the last thing he saw before losing consciousness.

The sword stabbed from below and went through the side.

With eyes wide open, the Iron Rabbit clan warriors glared at the sword.

The blood flowing from the body ran down the sword, making the hand also red.

It seemed like the man wanted to say something, but he couldn’t.

The person went unconscious and fell down as the sword was pulled out. Chung Myung swung the sword, brushed off the blood, and raised his head.

Drops of blood dripped down his forehead.

“If not, you all die.”

As Chung Myung took a step, the people blocking the path stepped back, their eyes filled with fear.

They had experience in war and battles, but that damn sword felt so different from anything they had known.

This wasn’t something that could be explained by simply calling him strong.

They had never seen such a merciless sword technique. His sword, which poured down like a mountain crushing a person, then turned into a snake biting their neck and rushed ahead like water cutting into their chest.

How could anyone deal with that sword?

Someone opened their mouth in a stuttering groan.

The fear spread all around, along with their screams.

Each scream induced more fear.

What those who instinctively turned around saw was a red spear sticking out of the chest of a man who wore their armor.

“Those who want to step back can die by my hands.”

He pulled out the spear that had pierced the back of the warrior, his eyes glaring at the rest of them.

“One man! The enemy is just one! There is no way you cannot catch him if you hold his arms and legs and plunge your weapons into him! Fight!”

Chung Myung’s eyes fell on Beon Song. His lips twitched slightly.

“A guy who only has a mouth.”

“If you are so confident, then come out yourself. Don’t hide behind your subordinates and talk like that.”

Chung Myung asked with a cold sneer.

“Who says I am alone?”

It was at that moment.

As if there was a light breeze, a black figure flew into the air and jumped into the midst of the confused people.

The spear moved, but the person who flew in smoothly changed direction to avoid it, even though it was empty, and then climbed on the spear and moved down.

With the sound of cloth brushing against it, a pure white sword split the air.

The same place that Chung Myung was targeting.

The swordsman, who had slashed the vital points surrounding the warriors a bit shallowly but more accurately, lowered his sword.

Almost simultaneously, the surrounding warriors fell.

Yu Yiseol let out a short breath and quietly looked around. Her feet crossed slightly as she appeared shocked at the warriors who were coming up, then disappeared on the spot. Soon, she reappeared right in front of the warriors.

The sword pierced a shoulder and split a thigh. Each time it moved soundlessly, almost like light, screams rang out here and there.

Suddenly, cracks began to form in the battle line. She wasn’t the only one who had jumped in.

Jo Gul charged furiously, scattering plum blossoms in the air. In an instant, the increased plum blossom sword qi poured down on the closely packed warriors.

Yoon Jong’s shout pierced Jo Gul’s ears.

“Do not swing so carelessly! We are not killers!”

“That is why I weakened them!”

Yoon Jong rushed ahead with contorted eyes and whipped his sword around.

‘This has to be done.’

If they let this continue any longer, the damned bastard might commit a truly ruthless massacre. Although no one had lost their life from his sword yet, they couldn’t be sure what would happen if the situation became more intense!

Tang Soso jumped up from behind Yoon Jong and began to throw needles. The sharp needles mercilessly dug into the bodies of the fallen warriors.

And Yoon Jong swung his sword without missing the chance. His sword, which had always been extremely sturdy, now cut down the words of the opponents with a slightly sharper movement.

As attacks poured in from all directions in an instant, the cowering troops were confused and didn’t know what to do.

It was time for Chung Myung to grab his sword to finish the job.

Chung Myung looked back at the sound of the voice that came.

Before he knew it, Baek Cheon stood right behind him.

“We will handle this.”

“I don’t know what is happening, but there must be a reason why you are impatient. So go…”

Baek Cheon stared intently at Chung Myung.

“You aren’t one to go overboard. Don’t feel burdened and go lay off those thoughts.”

The corners of Chung Myung’s lips, which had been staring at Baek Cheon in silence, twitched.

“… you are doing good.”

Chung Myung shook his head and took a deep breath.

“Do not cry when you get hit by a blind knife.”

Chung Myung lifted his body slightly from the spot. Then Baek Cheon held out the sword as if it were expected and placed it at the feet of Chung Myung.

And at that moment, when Chung Myung stretched his foot out, he sharply raised the sword. With that recoil, Chung Myung’s body jumped over those blocking the way and fell on Beon Song’s head.

Chung Myung, with glowing eyes, hit Beon Song hard on the head. Beon Song felt fear and raised the spear to block the sword.

At the sight of someone jumping over their heads and colliding with the clan leader in an instant, the warriors of the clan were shocked. At that time, a soft voice rang in their ears.

The warriors all turned their heads and clearly saw Baek Cheon slowly raising the sword.

“There is no regret here. I will not be easy on you.”

Baek Cheon, who caught a glimpse of Chung Myung, stepped ahead.

His hand holding the spear was trembling. His wrist must have already been broken with the force. The toes supporting his body looked like they would also break.

His face was horribly contorted, and his eyes were bloodshot.

In his eyes, the face of Chung Myung, with no mercy, was pressing down.

A face that couldn’t be described with mere words. Didn’t it seem like it was from a hunting animal? However, there was one difference between the monster in front of him and a beast: a beast never smiled while hunting.

Chung Myung spoke while pressing down the recoil. With that, he slightly lifted his body into the air.

At the same time, Chung Myung’s foot stomped on the spear twice.

Beon Song’s arm, which had held a lot of strength, was forcibly broken, and the spear was pressed close to his body.

At that moment, Chung Myung’s two feet turned in the air and kicked the spear, which was close to Beon Song’s chest.

With a dull explosion, Beon Song’s body was thrown back and crashed into the pillar of the castle.

The huge pillar, thicker than a human body, broke down at once, trapping Beon Song inside it.

The front part of the pillar crumbled, and tiles with wood fell down. Chung Myung got down on the ground and headed towards the collapsing palace with his sword hanging down.

Chung Myung, who was walking towards the dust, stopped.

Beon Song leaped forward, kicking the remains of the collapsed place, and screamed at the top of his lungs.

“You damned demon! I will kill you!”

But Chung Myung didn’t even look at him. He was looking at the castle, which barely held its shape. Chung Myung spoke again.

“I told you to come.”

Then, a moment later, a low voice came from inside the hall.

“Should we call this misfortune?”

“The words of Hegemony Lord being impressed by you are real.”

Two people walked out of the half-collapsed castle, standing to the left and right of Beon Song, and looked at Chung Myung.

“Ten Thousand People clan?”

The two men nodded at Chung Myung’s words.

“Nice. I also had something to say to your lord.”

Chung Myung raised his sword and aimed it at the two men.

“If I send him your heads, I will get enough information.”

The man shook his head.

“Well, you will be dying here…”

“You two, please don’t come forward!”

At that moment, Beon Song suddenly shouted and interrupted the man.

“I will kill that rat! How… how dare he break my wrist?”

“I will tear his mouth apart! That piece of shit!”

“I will take your skin off and then use it for a drinking cup! That damned jerk!”

At that moment, Beon Song’s neck twisted.

How could a person’s neck turn that far and then return to its original position? Actually, Beon Song’s neck was able to return to its original position after spinning twice.

The head of Beon Song shook, with his tongue out, looking helpless.

“Tsk, this is why such things happen.”

The man glanced at the falling slips and lightly shook his hands.

“… if we kill him, who will get the commission?”

“The rest will be paid back on its own, and… the request fee isn’t the problem.”

“I guess you are right.”

The two walked towards Chung Myung.

“If you want to catch a big fish, you need to give up the small fish.”

Chung Myung raised his hand as he saw the two people approaching him while talking. Then, he gently pushed his stiff lips into a smile with his fingers.

The two people tilted their heads at the strange behavior.

“What does this mean?”

“Nothing. Someone told me I am not one to go overboard.”

“So be ready because I will do that, especially.”

Chung Myung’s eyes shone.

“Because you are from the Ten Thousand People clan.”

There was no need to speak anymore. The three rushed at each other.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.