Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Jin Yang-Geon, covered in dust, was rubbing the ground as if trying to grab it. His eyes darted here and there, not knowing where to go.

An explosion occurred, and the remains of the castle shot towards him.

He was scared and fell flat to the ground. Fragments of the broken wall and torn-off pillar passed by just in the nick of time, almost grazing the back of his head. The force alone made the back of his head tingle.

Jin Yang-Geon’s face was speckled with cold sweat mixed with dirt.

He wasn’t asking for much.

He was just a person who could pull off a scam, take the money, and run. Of course, defrauding the Golden Sword Order was not something that anyone could even attempt, but if you could change the rest of your life with just one act of courage, wasn’t it worth trying?

‘But… how on earth did it all turn into this?’

Looking at the completely clear front, he saw the people of the clan lying on the ground, looking pitiful with blood all around them.

He looked away with trembling eyes. The body of the clan leader could be seen. The neck was oddly bent, and he had died without even being able to close his eyes.

The moment he saw the dead eyes that couldn’t focus on anything, all the strength in his body left him. He barely managed to get up halfway and then collapsed back down on the spot.

He shook against the wall.

‘Why did it have to be like this?’

Who would have thought something like this would happen because of what he did?

The Iron Rabbit Clan was a sect that exerted absolute influence, at least in this area of Nanchang. The Golden Sword Order couldn’t match this clan, which was why they wanted help and even gave money to him.

Moreover, the people of the Ten Thousand People clan had also joined. It was right to assume that no sect in this place could match them.

That was why Jin Yang-Geon was able to commit fraud against the Golden Sword Order, and in situations where his life was at stake, he ran here to survive.

But what was happening now shattered all his expectations.

Sword qi surged. The moment the sword qi rose, majestic and shining, those who were standing in the way were swept away like fallen leaves in an autumn wind and fell back.

Jin Yang-Geon gulped as he saw people constantly collapsing under the sword qi of the man.

‘A-at that young age…’

No, it might not be right to call him young for a man whose devotion was so intense that even the dust had settled on his face.

However, it was also true that the courage and strength shown by the man didn’t match his age.

Weren’t the warriors of the clan, who had lived twice as long as him, not even daring to stand against this man?

It suddenly occurred to him that the ideal swordsman who acted with the Taiheng Three Swords matched this man.

And it wasn’t just him.

The others lined to the left and right of him, at a glance, seemed unusual.

A sword stretched out like a beam of light from the female swordsman’s finger, who easily dodged a flying spear.

She searched for an opponent like a ghost and stabbed, then quickly retrieved her sword and swung it at the vital spot of the person behind her.

It was extremely fast, accurate, and without any unnecessary details.

The person whose shoulder was pierced screamed and collapsed. But before the body fell to the ground, the sword stabbed the man behind her and gathered balance.

He couldn’t imagine how much training she had to undergo to use a technique that effortlessly. The movement was more impressive than the flying sword qi or the powerful single sword, which struck down 5-6 people at once.

Every time her sword pierced the weapons of the opponent, Jin Yang-Geon flinched and stepped back as if his stomach had been pierced.

‘I am going insane…’

Why did they have to do this?

Once all of those people were defeated, it was clear who the next target would be.

And that’s not even all.

“The fallen may swing their swords, so keep an eye behind… be careful, you bastard!”

The man swinging the sword on the right shouted and kicked a stone on the ground. The kicked stone flew and hit the chin of a man, aiming for the back of the curly-haired man.

“Euk? I was sure that I knocked him down?”

“I am dying here, really!”

“Oh, sahyung can take good care of me!”

The curly-haired man grinned slyly and took another step ahead, lightly launching his body into the air.

Soon, the red sword qi began to bloom.

The sword qi rose from the tip of the sword and took on a more and more definite form, soon turning into a fluttering flower.

Jin Yang-Geon was astonished and opened his eyes wide.

How could he not know?

This was the Plum Blossom Sword of the Mount Hua Sect, which was currently gaining great fame among the most prestigious sects.

‘I thought it was just a metaphor when they said it is a sword-like flower petals.’

Who would have thought that truly flower petals with sword qi could be found?

‘Um, is that really going to happen?’

At this point, he thought that people were easily fooled by the sword he showed off. Of course, this would have been possible since there were only a few people in the province and too far from Mount Hua, who had experienced the plum blossom sword of Mount Hua.

Jin Yang-Geon clenched his fists, feeling lost.

“This… this is Mount Hua…”

Now that he had seen this, there was no way he could turn back.

No, even if he hadn’t seen that sword technique, if they weren’t the Mount Hua sect, how was it possible for only six people to drive an entire clan down?

Of course, those who had been defeated so far numbered nearly 50, and the warriors had clearly been over 100. However, their strength was not the same as it was the first time. Those who had once shown great strength like well-trained warriors were now gathered in panic and cornered, like a flock of sheep driven by wolves attacking the outskirts.

The Iron Rabbit Clan, which was supposed to easily deal with such situations, had long since become corpses with twisted necks.

Now, it was very obvious how this would end.

And Jin Yang-Geon’s upcoming fate was as clear as fire.

Since they were impersonating the Mount Hua sect, even a 3-year-old could guess what would happen if they were caught.

Now that even the clan couldn’t stop him, he had to run immediately.

How could he escape from the crazy people who had come all the way from Shaanxi after hearing the news about him, even coming in a group of six and stabbing him?

Those insane people would follow him wherever he went.

Jin Yang-Geon stood up and quickly looked around to find a chance to escape. Then, at some point, he flinched and slowly said,

Beggars were sitting on the wall behind the battle, watching him closely. At that moment, Jin Yang-Geon felt his fate as if heaven had declared it.

‘The Beggars Union people are surrounding us.’

There might be a way to escape the hands of Mount Hua, but there was no way to hide from these people. This was common sense for anyone living around here.

Jin Yang-Geon’s breathing became difficult. Just as he was thinking,

With a loud explosion, a huge amount of power rose up.

As soon as the force hit the roof of the pavilion, the tiles shook violently and poured down like rain, flying all around like arrows.

It was powerful enough to blow off the entire roof of the palace with a single blow. It was a sight that made the bones hurt.

And the non-human things that created that scene were now biting each other like tigers competing for land.

The sword and blade clashed in the air.

Even against the heavy blade, the young swordsman’s thin sword didn’t move an inch.

The sound of metal clashing with metal was eerie, and the sword began to push the blade.

The faces of the two people came close together with a sword and blade between them.

The face of the person holding the sword with both hands and exerting all his might gradually became distorted. On the other hand, there was no particular expression on Chung Myung’s face as he held the sword.

With an expression that went beyond coldness and bordered on indifference, he only added strength to the hand holding the sword.

Chung Myung’s wrist twisted instantly, and the tip of his sword in contact with the blade tilted forward, beginning to scratch the neck of the warrior.

It was scraping, not cutting.

The slightly touched tip of his sword drew a red line on the thick neck. The blade desperately tried to push it away but managed to carve out another red slash.

In a very short period, 5-6 lines appeared on the warrior’s neck.

The face of the warrior turned pale.

Every time the sword touched his neck, he stepped closer to hell. If the sword pushed in another inch, the main artery would be cut.

The warrior was shocked.

‘What strength is this…?’

He reflexively looked away.

Chung Myung’s wrists were visible.

Of course, even beyond the clothes, he could feel that this man’s body was quite balanced and well-trained. But even so, it was barely half as thick as the arm holding the blade.

So, where did this strength come from?

The sword dug against the blade.

“You’ve been talking smugly the whole time. Why don’t you talk now?”

It was at that moment.

A tremendous amount of tension emanated from behind Chung Myung’s back again. This was the same qi that had blown out the roof of the castle a moment ago.

Grinding his teeth, the man pressed down on Chung Myung with all his strength. His intention was to make it impossible for Chung Myung to move or escape.

The warrior, trying to muster the strength he had left in his body, stopped for a moment. This was because he saw Chung Myung smiling.

At that moment, an enormous pain spread from the top of his foot. Chung Myung had stepped on it and broken the bones.

The moment his body shook slightly in pain.

The strength of Chung Myung’s sword, which had been touching the blade, was released.

There was no way someone pushing with all their might could resist the change. With the bones in his foot broken, it was difficult to control his body.

As his body leaned forward, the sword tangled with the blade like a snake, shaking his core.

Before he could fully understand the situation, the warrior’s body spun in the air, and a moment later, he landed on the other side of Chung Myung.

It was a movement completely unrelated to his will.

As he panicked and was about to hold the blade again, Chung Myung kicked him in the chest.

His battered body bounced back like an arrow, leaving a bow.

Neither the pain in his chest nor the situation from before could be understood. What mattered was how far he was being pushed back.

He twisted and turned with all his might in the air. His spine screamed from the unknown movement.

This attack he was launching with all his might should hit his foe.

The blade qi and the sword qi collided, creating a huge explosion. The person who rushed took a step back, and the person who fired the attack in the air fell to the ground, losing a lot of blood.

At that moment, their faces contorted, stained with pain and anger.

“Senior sasuk would have liked it if I had shown this to the Mount Hua kids.”

Chung Myung, with the sword on his shoulder, had a smile on his lips.

“It is a perfect attack that demonstrates joint attacks cannot be done casually.”

At that moment, the image of Chung Myung leisurely tapping his shoulder with the sword disappeared. Then he appeared right in front of the warrior who was on the ground.

The warrior was so shocked that his heart seemed to jump out of his mouth. He raised his blade to his head to block the sword. But as the sword moved up, Chung Myung’s foot moved through the air and kicked the warrior’s chin.

All it took was a foot hitting a chin, and an explosion happened. The warrior who was kicked landed far back with blood spilling around him.

In the end, the entire castle collapsed.

Chung Myung looked at the scene with indifferent eyes and spoke slowly.

“I am sorry, I am not in a good mood right now.”

And he aimed his sword at the other Ten Thousand People Clan members.

“It would be better if you didn’t try it.”

The blood of those from the Ten Thousand People Clan began to cool.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.