Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Please come quickly!”

A man, hearing the distressed cry, ran to the wall, sweating profusely.

The man’s appearance was very strange. His clothes were so bulky that anyone could mistake him for a beggar, but his body seemed bloated. The beggar, whose body looked like it might roll over and hit itself, was now leaning against the wall, repeatedly wiping away the sweat pouring down with a dirty cloth.

“Heheh! Heheh! I… I have no interest in running….”

The beggars glared at him, annoyed. But that was all; no one dared to hit the fat beggar.

“How… how did it end up like this?”

As the beggars shouted bluntly, the fat beggar sighed.

“Hong Dae-Kwang, if that guy wasn’t bruised, we wouldn’t have had to go through this trouble….”

“After all, you are both on the same level, so why are you acting in such a low way?”

“Don’t say anything. You bastards… even if the rank is the same as the branch leader, he holds an important position in the council. If I refuse a request from someone who might later be the clan leader, what do you think happens?”

The man’s eyes looked down.

“I will end up so thin that I won’t be visible.”

“Don’t speak nonsense and come up quickly. You have to see this.”

The round beggar, Wang Deok, sighed as he jumped up with a light movement that was at odds with his large body.

Sitting on the wall, he glanced inside and flinched.

“… what is this situation? All those kids are warriors with swords.”

“Exactly. But look carefully. No one has died. They are suppressing them without killing.”

Wang Deok’s face, which had looked like he was telling a joke, became stiff. His exaggerated sighing expression disappeared as if washed away, and his fleshy chin trembled slightly.

He was about to say something but then went silent and gulped.

Eyes as small as buttons were focused on Chung Myung, who was swinging his sword, beyond those who were fighting in groups or more cleanly.

“… Damn it, the Ten Thousand People clan really came. I heard that the Iron Rabbit clan had invited them as guests, so I was wondering where they were.”

In the meantime, many beggars were sent to confirm the fact, but even if they were beggars, they couldn’t check inside a clan.

If someone arrived without a word and snuck in, they couldn’t possibly detect it because they didn’t have eyes all around.

“Is that really the Ten Thousand People clan?”

“The person with the palm technique is a man called Heo Hyung, and it is said he has the strength to break down a mountain and split a river.”

“The Red Palm, Heo Hyung?”

After hearing the words of Wang Deok, the beggars stared at the warriors of the Ten Thousand People clan.

It was said that if he used a palm technique, the world would turn red. He was a famous warrior recognized by the realm.

In a typical sect or clan, the person holding the lead position was bound to be stronger than those without that position. But in the Ten Thousand People clan, many such people were gathered below one man.

Therefore, although they were called captains outside, the fact that they had no position or right affiliation didn’t mean they were weaker than other sect leaders. And this man was one of them.

‘A person like that…’

At that time, a person stumbled walking out of the collapsed castle. The moment he saw the dust-covered man, Wang Deok couldn’t hide his groan.

“Giant Spirit, Mak Wei.”

“Ma-Mak Wei? That man?”

“… Unless my eyes are wrong. Heo Hyung and Mak Wei are there. Just what are they thinking?”

It was a common thing in the past for the Ten Thousand People clan.

They did everything they could to expand their power. Not only did they form a force to start a war, but he also didn’t hesitate to send warriors under his command to collect money and use their strength.

But the Ten Thousand People clan, after becoming known as one of the Five Evil Factions and gaining some respect, barely did anything to offend others…

The vice leader of the branch, Heuk Hwan-Gae, asked in shock.

“Are you saying those two are Mak Wei and Heo Hyung?”

“After listening to all this, what more do you want?”

“Then you are saying that the person who was kicked by the young brat is Mak Wei?”

Wang Deok’s eyes trembled.

Just by looking at Heo Hyung’s contorted face and the anger on Mak Wei’s, it wasn’t difficult to understand their emotions.

Wang Deok, who once again grasped the situation, groaned.

“… are those exaggerated rumors about Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon actually real?”

Wang Deok, smiling as if he found this absurd, turned his head.

“Confirm it, you bastards! If something bad happens here and he comes out, we will be in trouble.”

“Damn it! His skills are better than the rumors, and there’s no guarantee that his nature isn’t worse than the rumors!”

Heuk Hwan-Gae, who remembered the rumors of Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, quickly nodded with a pale face.

“I will confirm and come back.”

Wang Deok didn’t respond and continued to look at Chung Myung.

“… if this happens, I will be sad….”

A sad voice came to his ears.

Giant Spirit, Mak Wei, touched his chin with a trembling hand.

It looked like his jaw had cracked badly after the kick. Every time he tried to force the words out, his broken teeth clattered out.

Blood dripped from the tip of his tongue where it was cut, and his eyes were red as he spat out a lump of blood, teeth, and some soft flesh.

“You… you fucking bastard….”

Of course, his body wasn’t normal. The impact of blocking the force was too great; he got hit so hard that his chin was crushed, and he was thrown into a hall. Naturally, his entire body was shaking, and the qi and blood were flowing, making it feel like his body was burning.

But the pain in his body was nothing. The anger of being kicked like this by a justice faction member made him so enraged that the pain felt insignificant.

Even though he was a skilled warrior, Chung Myung remained calm even under his gaze of killing intent.

“Try speaking clearly now. I don’t get what you are saying.”

Mak Wei rushed ahead with his eyes wide open. No, he tried to rush, but then Heo Hyun shouted.

“Calm down, Mak Wei! If you run….”

But as his voice rose, he stopped and went silent.

What were the words that needed to be said?

The person in front of them now was not weaker than them. No, he was someone against whom their joint attack wouldn’t even guarantee a win.

It was Heo Hyung’s last bit of pride not to shout that they would die there. And fortunately, Mak Wei understood it.

The blade held upside down was scratching the ground.

-Be calm; the opponent is strong. This is not an opponent you defeat with your emotions.

Heo Hyung licked his cracked lips.

‘I never would have thought this is what the lord meant when he said we should pay attention.’

Considering the boy’s age, he thought it meant for the future. But meeting Chung Myung now, there was no future to consider.

What was the point of discussing the future of a person who has this overwhelming ability right now? It didn’t seem like they could even head back home now.

There was no way the weak warriors gere would help them now. It seemed like it would be too much for them to handle Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.

No… even if they could not, what help would the others provide?

In the end, he and Mak Wei would have to handle this monster.

Heo Hyung licked his lips and spoke in a low whisper.

“Even though he is skilled, he is young. He lacks experience…. So calm down now….”

It was at that moment.

Chung Myung, who had been watching them leisurely, suddenly moved. This meant he was moving at such an absurd speed that Heo Hyung couldn’t even see.

Heo Hyung was shocked and quickly tried to move back. But Chung Myung was much faster than the eye could see. Heo Hyung, who felt that Chung Myung was around the corner, threw his palm forward.

But there was no way a rushed attack would hold such precision, and despite having a swift eruption, the end felt slow.

Heo Hyung couldn’t have known that fact either.

Any lack of sophistication could be overcome with this. Every time his arms waved frantically, energy was released one after another.

Rather than an attack to defeat the opponent, it was closer to a struggle to avoid and block the immediate situation.

At that exact moment, Heo Hyung, who had been alert, threw himself back to escape from the opponent.

An eerie sound rang in his ears.

Actually, there was no way he could hear it, with the explosions and grumblings happening around him.

But it came cleanly and resonated with Heo Hyung.

The upper part of the palm energy he created was pierced, and the moment he saw the sword protruding from it, Heo Hyung’s eyes widened.

Soon, like a cutting sound, the sword lowered, and the palm qi was split in an instant.

It literally happened in the blink of an eye. Chung Myung came in like an arrow with no expression and cut everything down with his sword.

Even as his hair turned white with dust, the hands of Heo Hyung moved. But at that moment, he saw it.

He stretched his hand out to pull back his palm, but then something was stuck to his hand.

At the same time, some of the qi that had gathered on his palm dissipated. It dug deeper and deeper, scraping away the bone of his hand.

With a horrifying scratching sound.

Heo Hyung opened his mouth with a slightly blank look and slowly lowered his gaze.

What his eyes landed on was the left side of his chest. To be exact, the white blade pierced it and went through his palm.

Blood flowed from his chest, ran down the sword’s body, and onto the ground.

His eyes, looking at Chung Myung, held disbelief.

Even though the enemy’s heart was pierced, Chung Myung opened his mouth with a cold face, unfazed by this.

His lips curled up awkwardly.

“When you have time to worry about others, first look after your own life.”

“That is how you survive on the battlefield, kid.”

The world, which had vivid colors, gradually turned blurred and then black.

Heo Hyung’s body fell to the ground.

‘Lack of experience… was on my side.’

That was his last thought before dying.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.