Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The sound of the dead body falling was clearly heard.

On the battlefield, where people were shouting at each other and waving their weapons, one could hear the sound of people falling as they died.

To put it conversely, it meant the flow of the battle was so fierce that it couldn’t be interrupted.

The moment the swords of Mount Hua disciples, who were attacking fiercely from the front, stopped, the Iron Rabbit clan turned their heads blankly, not thinking about running, let alone fighting back.

What caught their eyes was the dead form of Heo Hyung and their clan leader, with a twisted neck and pierced heart.

The eyes, which had witnessed something that could never happen and shouldn’t happen, were shaken, unable to find a place to move.

The blood flowing from Heo Hyung’s pierced chest quickly soaked the floor red.

As they were looking at it, they felt like they could vividly feel the temperature of the blood cooling down.

Since they had seen their clan leader and even the guests they had invited simply fall so helplessly, there was no longer any resistance among the members of the Iron Rabbit clan.

Revenge for the clan leader?

No one would even jest about it.

Those who had the will to do so were not of the evil faction. They were driven by strength and gain, not loyalty and affection. The clan leader did not receive special protection.

Their bodies began to shake.

Chung Myung swung the sword, brushed the blood off, and started walking. Blood gushed out of the chest wound of Heo Hyung.

Everyone held their breath at that clear and strange sound.

Chung Myung walked ahead without much care, sword in one hand, and naturally went for Mak Wei.

The face of Mak Wei in front of him was white.

He glanced at Heo Hyung, who had collapsed, and then quickly looked at Chung Myung.

Heo Hyung’s strength was not inferior to his. Even if they were to classify it, there was only a difference as thin as a piece of paper.

However, Heo Hyung died before he could properly fight back. It wasn’t that he had done something great or was overpowered by an enormous amount of internal qi.

Just a swing, stab, and cut.

After several basic attacks, Heo Hyung’s heart was pierced.

How on earth should they understand this situation?

If someone who didn’t know martial arts saw it, they might say it was amazing. However, if someone well-versed in martial arts saw it, they would still say it was amazing.

But what about those like Mak Wei, who were confident in their status? Probably not everyone would be able to find a way to explain the sight. Mak Wei found himself at an absolute loss.

It was the sound of Chung Myung’s steps that brought him back to reality.

A low voice from Chung Myung could be heard by him, who was startled.

“What is so confusing?”

Mak Wei, who heard the voice, looked at Chung Myung with a blank expression.

“You are going to die anyway.”

Instead of answering, Mak Wei held his sword tightly.

In any case, the only outcome was that one between them would die. How strong he was and how weak, what meaning would this have in the current situation?

The ending of a life feeding on the weak was like this. Anyone who lived and wielded the sword with abandon would one day meet someone stronger than themselves. Mak Wei, too, thought the same.

‘But I didn’t think it would be today.’

His pounding heart gradually calmed down. His face, once terrified, turned as calm as a lake.

Seeing that, Chung Myung stopped.

Mak Wei pointed his blade at the ground, grabbed it tightly with both hands and aimed it at Chung Myung.

“… Giant Spirit… Mak… Wei.”

Every time he spoke, he felt pain, and his words stuttered, but he somehow managed to speak word by word. At least the name must be conveyed clearly.

The corners of Chung Myung’s lips curled up slightly as if he understood his intention.

Mak Wei, who once again confirmed the obvious fact, glared at Chung Myung with more serious eyes.

“Last… last… last word….”

Chung Myung’s smile deepened.

If it were the usual Mak Wei, he would never let this happen. But now he wasn’t even feeling anger.

Because maybe this match will be the last?

Because the man deserved it.

A lake of strength was ultimately a place where the strong ruled. The strong had the right to be arrogant. Mak Wei was one of those who knew that fact better than anyone else.

The energy swirled in the air. He held onto the sword so tightly.

His head was cold, his chest was hot.

Martial arts he cultivated throughout his life were now being put into execution. The important thing wasn’t winning or losing but doing things without regret.

The foot loaded with qi kicked the ground.

The scenes before his eyes distorted in an instant. The clear scenery elongated, and only Chung Myung in front of him became clearer.

This was a level he had never been able to reach in his entire life.

Although it was unfortunate that he reached it at the last moment, he could take comfort in the fact that he reached it now.

All the remaining power of his dantian was channeled into the blade. His blade, unable to handle that enormous qi, screamed loudly. It seemed like it would break, but it didn’t matter.

Anyway, this blow was indeed the last.

A loud roar from his blade. The blade qi came together like a small sun and began to give off heat. The task of pushing everything in without leaving a single trace of regret or emotions was struck at Chung Myung’s head.

At that moment, Mak Wei was sure.

This was the most perfect blow of his life.

It flew toward Chung Myung’s head with a force capable of killing down the mountain. A shiver ran up his spine. An intense feeling of pleasure surged through his head as if a cold waterfall had been poured over him.

In the midst of these emotions, what Mak Wei saw was the twisted lips of Chung Myung.

The sword of Chung Myung, which had been hanging down until then, shot up like a beam and struck Mak Wei’s blade.

The moment the sword and blade collided, Chung Myung’s sword, unable to handle the enormous strength of the blade, was thrown back.

Mak Wei’s eyes widened.

Facing the onslaught head-on was his best strategy. There was no way Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon didn’t know this, but his arrogance of the moment….

And then it happened.

Chung Myung’s sword swung faster than it had bounced and struck the blade again.

Once, twice, dozens of times!

In the blink of an eye, the sword, which was swung like water, struck Mak Wei’s blade dozens of times.

Every time they made contact, the power of the blade diminished little by little, and soon, it began to falter further and further.

Mak Wei suddenly realized that his blade had moved to the top of his head from where it was first lifted, and his mouth was wide open.

‘T-this makes no sense…’

How could he strike dozens of times in one swing with his sword? This was something that went far beyond the knowledge of martial arts.

At that moment, when Mak Wei was about to push down the blade once again as a last effort.

Chung Myung’s sword moved at the speed of light and sliced off Mak Wei’s wrist, which was holding the blade.

The white bone was clearly revealed from the wrist, and blood splashed out.

However, Chung Myung’s sword didn’t stop there.

Slash! Slash! Slash!

The upper arm, elbow, shoulder, stomach.

Chung Myung’s sword cut down Mak Wei’s entire body again and again.

Slash! Slash! Slash!

Thigh, ankles, neck side, and lower abdomen.

Chung Myung, who quickly severed the muscles of the entire body at once, rushed forward like a star shower and stabbed Mak Wei’s upper body several times.

Slash! Slash! Slash! Stab!

In an instant, blood rained down from Mak Wei’s perforated chest and stomach.

The final hit to the heart.

Chung Myung, who had pierced the heart in an instant, watched Mak Wei silently as he was hit by the blood gushing out of the opponent’s body.

In a face stained with blood, only the eyes of the original color could be seen, and they were dark and indifferent. Even Mak Wei, who had crossed halfway to hell, felt the fear of death.

A groan-like question came from his lips.

He could only say this as he was dying, but Chung Myung understood it.

Chung Myung smiled as he said,

“Don’t try at the last to act like you made an honest living. You are just trash.”

The sword of Chung Myung was pulled from his heart, then struck Mak Wei’s head at once and cut it as if he didn’t want to hear the words.

Chung Myung spat out the blood that had entered his mouth.

A man who smelled like blood. A human butcher who killed hundreds.

He had no desire to give something to someone like that.

‘I am not much different.’

Chung Myung brushed off the blood and took the lead.

Without hesitation, he stepped on the corpse of Mak Wei and walked to the half-destroyed castle.

The weight of those footsteps filled the place.

And he finally went to the place where he saw Jin Yang-Geon trembling like a rat.

The moment their eyes met, Jin Yang-Geon went pale.

How many people could stay calm after seeing Chung Myung’s cold eyes and blood-soaked body? Jin Yang-Geon was too weak to smile.

At that moment, Chung Myung distorted his face horribly and gritted his teeth, quickly approaching Jin Yang-Geon.

“I-I am! Me! Me! I am!”

Without hesitation, Chung Myung grabbed Jin Yang-Geon by the neck and lifted him up. Then he pushed him all the way to the wall and threw him down.

Jin Yang-Geon was sick with the pain he felt in his neck. But what truly made him fearful and pained was the look of Chung Myung, ready to kill him.

“I-I did wrong! S-save me…”

Jin Yang-Geon didn’t understand what he meant and looked at Chung Myung. Then, the voice of hell came from Chung Myung’s lips.

“Speak. Where did you learn that martial arts?”

Chung Myung’s fingers dug into Jin Yang-Geon’s neck. Jin Yang-Geon’s face turned dark blue, and he began to suffocate.

His hand instinctively grabbed his neck and scratched at Chung Myung’s arm, but Chung Myung was like a rock and didn’t budge.

“Speak. Before I kill you!”

Chung Myung’s tightly clenched lips moved, and a trickle of blood ran down his chin and onto the ground.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.