Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Chung Myung’s feet, which had been running while only looking forward, gradually slowed down. And finally, he came to a complete stop.

He looked and saw the beginning of the path leading to Mount Hua.

Chung Myung carefully lowered the bag from his shoulder and held it, looking up at Mount Hua with blank eyes.

It wasn’t any different from usual.

A place that had surprisingly maintained its mountainous form in silence even over such a long period.

But… nevertheless, the reason why Chung Myung couldn’t look at it with the same usual eyes was that this normal scene must have been dearly missed by someone, even at the moment they closed their eyes.

Chung Myung remained silent, fixing his gaze until the Mount Hua disciples came running from behind.

Chung Myung took a slow step at the sight of people gathering behind him.

And he began to slowly climb the mountain, very slowly, to the point that the strength he had been running with so far turned to nothing.

Flowers and lush greenery bloomed around the narrow road leading up to Mount Hua. A steep cliff rose against the forest, with cypress and plum blossoms growing between.

It was a sight all too familiar for the Mount Hua disciples. But today, all of them looked at it anew.

The Five Swords, who were climbing up behind Chung Myung, kept looking around and then caught the familiar glow of Mount Hua with their eyes.

As they walked slowly through the places they had always passed during their runs, they felt many things.

Was this what people meant when they said one didn’t know the value of what was close to them?

Baek Cheon gently closed his eyes.

He had already heard repeatedly that not a single ancestor of Mount Hua who went to war had returned. However, that fact only stayed as knowledge and didn’t provide any further understanding.

But the moment they saw the remains held close to Chung Myung’s chest, they knew.

‘How much they wanted to walk this path.’

The ancestors who risked their lives to fight against the Heavenly Demon must have had just one wish: somehow kill the Heavenly Demon and protect the future of Kangho and Mount Hua…

Walk this path with their own feet and return to Mount Hua.

The fact that the wish, a simple wish that wasn’t even that great, didn’t come true weighed heavily on Baek Cheon’s heart.

He quietly looked around.

Yoon Jong, who was serious; Yu Yiseol, who was always indifferent; Tang Soso, who couldn’t deeply sympathize with the sadness of Mount Hua; and Jo Gul, who always made a fuss, were following Chung Myung with stiff faces. Everyone was thinking something.

Chung Myung’s feet slowly climbed the mountain without stopping.

Chung Myung calmly passed through the path surrounded by green trees and entered a small path that was barely big enough to fit one foot.

A road leading to a distant cliff.

Sometimes, he got angry and cursed a lot, asking if this was even a path, but now he walked there in silence.

The rocky mountain rising into the sky looked down upon them with great force.

Now, all you could see were the immense rocky walls.

It might seem like a dreary sight at first glance, but that wasn’t the case for those who lived in Mount Hua. The edge of the vast sky above and the mountain ranges gradually turned red.

Chung Myung stopped and stared at Mount Hua, where the sunset began to pour down.

-Isn’t that amazing?

-The sunset. Isn’t that the symbol of Mount Hua?

-Crazy bastard. The symbol of Mount Hua is the plum blossom.

-Tsk tsk. This is why people are called ignorant. Qi arts aren’t the only thing about martial arts! Of course, the Purple Cloud art is a symbol of Mount Hua rather than the plum blossom sword technique. When you think of Purple Clouds! Isn’t that sunset! Sunset!?

Chung Jin, who was also dyed in the red sunset, smiled and said,

-Actually, I just like sunsets, sahyung. The sunset seen from Mount Hua is truly amazing. When I die, I hope to see this scene.

-Take a look. Isn’t this pretty, sahyung?

-Stop talking nonsense and go get the book.

-… You are the one who shouldn’t talk.

Chung Jin, who had been turning around, mumbled slowly and then turned back to say this to Chung Myung.

-Just wait and see. One day, sahyung will also learn how beautiful Mount Hua’s sunset is.

Chung Myung also knew.

This was just a thought. A dead body had no meaning or wishes.

So what he was holding now wasn’t Chung Jin; it was just the lingering feeling that remained in the heart of Chung Myung.

Even though he knew…

Chung Myung slowly closed his eyes. His long eyelashes turned yellow in the sunset and trembled lightly.

Not everyone would want this.

What he wanted, what Chung Jin wanted… was for everyone to return to Mount Hua together.

They cursed and laughed on the narrow path and eventually spoke about how hard it was to climb Mount Hua.

Chung Mun, Chung Jin, and all the Chung and Myung disciples all sitting in the same place and smiling.

The images of countless people appeared before Chung Myung’s eyes.

The Chung disciples, the bright Myung disciples, and many people who left Mount Hua pledging to protect Kangho.

But just for a moment, those faces began to disappear one by one.

Someone died at the hands of the Demonic Sect on the battlefield.

And someone else, unable to overcome the injuries, died while holding Chung Myung’s hand and speaking.

One, then another. And so everyone finally disappeared.

Only Chung Myung stands alone in this space with no one left.

He hoped they would come back together.

Chung Myung, holding onto the bag, opened his eyes.

The red-stained sky and clouds flooded into the vision of Chung Myung.

‘Right. It is pretty like you said.’

Again, he was right.

Strange. Why didn’t he realize it then?

Chung Myung’s eyes were colored red.

‘If only I had known the beauty of this sunset back then… so, has it changed at all?’

A cold wind blew through the cliff. The hem of the clothes covering the remains fluttered and lightly hit Chung Myung’s fingers.

‘You have come, you bastard.’

Want to head back quickly, right?

Chung Myung nodded slowly and began to climb again.

He probably wanted to go to Mount Hua as soon as possible.

Right, to where he lived.

Only then did Chung Myung’s steps get faster.

Although the road was still steep and harsh, Chung Myung wasn’t exhausted. He was even stronger than usual.

The sky, which had been colored purple, was now turning dark.

Because what Chung Jin missed was Mount Hua. He must have missed Mount Hua at night, with darkness settling in every corner and the sound of plum tree leaves rustling.

Now, there was only one final cliff leading up to Mount Hua.

Chung Myung held on tightly to the bags and immediately began climbing the cliff.

The slow pace up to now transformed into a truly lively and enjoyable walk.

So, as Chung Myung rose up from the cliff, the vast landscape of Mount Hua came into view. Scenes of Mount Hua from the past overlapped in his eyes.

It was a little different, but it wasn’t awkward. Even if the appearance changed, this place was Mount Hua. The breath of those who died first was vividly alive.

Chung Myung got down on the floor and looked at the gate.

Great Mount Hua Sect.

The moment he saw those four letters engraved, which looked like a dragon ascending to heaven, he bit his lip without realizing it.

For some reason, he felt warmth from the bag.

‘Let’s go, Chung Jin.’

Chung Myung moved ahead as if possessed.

One step, and another.

Mount Hua and the high gate, the lovely scenario seen inside the wide-open gate.

It took a long time, right?

As he approached, speaking unfamiliar kind words to Chung Myung, the feeling that the short distance seemed like a thousand miles. Someone was standing at the gate to greet him.

Hyun Jong, wearing a robe and a sword, was looking at Chung Myung in silence. Since Baek Cheon said he had sent a letter in the middle, he probably knew the general story of what happened.

As expected, Hyun Jong’s eyes turned to the robe in Chung Myung’s arms.

Chung Myung slowly opened his mouth.

“13th generation disciple of Mount Hua, Chung Jin’s remains.”

Hyun Jong looked at the bag in silence, nodded, and then spread the hem of his clothes and knelt down.

After bowing with the highest respect, he stood up and quietly recited a prayer.

Chung Myung placed the remains of Chung Jin in Hyun Jong’s hands. And Hyun Jong accepted them very carefully and turned around.

Likewise, disciples in uniforms were lined up on the left and right. Hyun Jong and Chung Jin slowly began to walk along the path between them that was completely undisturbed.

At the end of the path, there was a simple altar.

Someone placed a hand on Chung Myung’s shoulder, who was staring blankly at the scene.

When he turned around, he saw Hyun Young standing there with a friendly smile.

“First, let’s serve our family comfortably.”

Chung Myung nodded instead of answering. Hyun Young patted his shoulder a couple of times and walked to the altar.

The Five Swords, who arrived later, passed Chung Myung and entered Mount Hua.

All the disciples of Mount Hua looked at the ancestor, who came back late to Mount Hua. Every eye was full of respect.

But… actually, Chung Myung couldn’t step there.

Strangely, even though all the Mount Hua disciples except him were in the sect, his feet didn’t move easily.

Just a while back, it felt so familiar when stepping in, and now it suddenly felt unfamiliar. It felt so uncomfortable that he felt nauseous.

Chung Myung covered his mouth with one hand and curled himself up.

The world was spinning, his ears were ringing, and his vision was blurry.

A voice passed by his ear.

Startled, he looked back…

There was nothing visible. All he could see was Mount Hua drenched in the night, as always.

Chung Myung, who was urgently groping the air like a person searching for something, slowly stood tall.

His slightly opened lips trembled slightly.

-Ugh! Sahyung! Where have you been again!

The nostalgic cries in his ears, the sounds as if carried by the wind, felt so vivid that Chung Myung couldn’t open his eyes.

‘Right, I guess I did come back.’

He walked towards the sect without even opening his eyes. The scent of purple plum blossoms flowing from somewhere carefully settled on his shoulders as he silently entered Mount Hua without making a sound.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.