Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

As Chung Myung entered the sect leader’s residence with an arrogant frown on his face, complaints flowing from his mouth.

“I don’t get it. It’s been a while since I finished. How can you call someone in a hurry… uh?”

But then he fell silent.

The atmosphere among the people gathered inside was different from what he expected. He didn’t know much about other matters, but Hyun Jong…

Uh… why was he lying down?

No, did he fall asleep the wrong way?

“Come to your senses, sect leader!”

“Soso! Call Soso! Quickly, Soso… uh? Soso! Do something for the sect leader!”

At that moment, Hyun Jong raised his upper body and took a breath as if he were leaping up. His pale face resembled that of a person rescued from drowning.

“This, this, this…what… is this…”

His hands were trembling wildly, making even the book in his hand tremble.

“This, this… The… Purple Sky…”

‘Purple Sky Divine Arts.’

Only then did Chung Myung relax and return to his usual grumpy demeanor.

Hyun Jong glared at Baek Cheon with a mix of shock, disbelief, fear, and anger (?).

“T-this… why all of a sudden? Why now?”

Baek Cheon responded politely.

“This was discovered during the process of recovering the ancestors’ remains.”

He answered loudly and nodded proudly. When the sect leader embraced him joyfully, one might wonder if he could handle the hug.

However, Hyun Jong’s reaction was a bit different from what was expected.

When Hyun Jong asked with a blank expression, Baek Cheon scratched the back of his head.

“Since we are in the midst of a serious ancestral ritual, it would be appropriate to report when we have some free time… ugh!”

At that moment, Hyun Jong leaped over the table in front of him like a lightning bolt and kicked Baek Cheon in the chest with both feet.

As Baek Cheon was thrown back by the unexpected attack, everyone’s eyes widened in shock.

‘What did I just see…?’

‘Did the sect leader hit Sasuk?’

‘Not beating is okay… but a flying kick?’

Hyun Jong, who had fallen to the ground, jumped up and shouted.

“Yah, you insane bastard! Do you know what this is, and you report it later? Do you know what… Euk!”

“Uahhh! Soso! Soso! Hurry up!”

Looking at the chaotic scene, Chung Myung stood blankly and smiled.

Chung Jin. Close your eyes for a moment.

Hyun Jong was glaring at Baek Cheon, who was sullen and had lowered his head.

“You thought you could report it later?”

In response, Hyun Jong’s hands were clenching the inkstone on the desk.

“S-sect leader! Calm down first!”

“It is Baek Cheon! Not Chung Myung!”

“If Chung Myung was doing this, I wouldn’t have said a thing! That guy doing it is the problem! How can the so-called Great Disciple be so thoughtless about how important this was? Yah, you bastard! This! Uh? You know how important this is?”

“Calm down, Sect leader. What can a child know? He doesn’t have that much experience.”

Hyun Sang stopped Hyun Jong with a serious face.

And Baek Cheon looked at them with blank eyes.

-Elder. There is something we picked up with the ancestor, and I wonder if I should tell the sect leader about…

-Now isn’t the time for it. Let’s talk once the ritual is all done.

At that moment, Hyun Sang and Baek Cheon looked at each other.

Hyun Sang’s eyes were clearly saying, ‘If you speak out without much thought, you will experience cruel punishment accompanied by violence.’

Baek Cheon closed his eyes in sadness at that. The corners of his eyes were turning moist.

There was no man he could trust… no, they always said that there was no one to trust in the world.

At that time, Un Geom, who had been quietly observing the situation, changed his stance.

“But sect leader? Is this book of that importance?”

“Uh? Ah… this martial arts book…”

Baek Cheon looked back at Un Geom with touched eyes.

He felt like his heart had been betrayed by the Elder, but now it was filled with admiration for Un Geom.

With trembling hands, Hyun Jong flipped through several pages. It was a careful touch as if he would damage the book with little force. After a while, he closed his eyes and spoke with a trembling voice.

“This martial arts book is…”

“… Purple Sky Divine Arts.”

A heavy silence fell around.

Un Geom, whose face turned serious, opened his mouth again.

“Right. You should understand why…”

“What is the Purple Sky Divine Arts…?”

Hyun Jong looked straight at Un Geom with flustered eyes.

“… You never told me.”

Hyun Jong tilted his head.

His eyes turned to Baek Cheon with sadness. But that was for a moment, and he turned his eyes away.

Baek Cheon could roughly guess the situation, and he had a look of resentment. Yoon Jong gently grabbed his shoulder and comforted him.

“… that is the matter, sasuk.”

Hyun Jong cleared his throat awkwardly and spoke to lighten the mood.

“So this cultivation art is said to be one of the best on Mount Hua.”

“… ah, now that I think about it, but I think it had a different name… isn’t the Sect Leader talking about Purple Sky Enhanced Qi?”

Hyun Jong looked blankly at the book Yoon Jong took out of his arms. His eyes gradually turned red.

“Where did you get this again?”

“… it looked like something that was kept safe and given by our ancestor, but we recovered it from the scammer. It is said that it is the Purple Sky Enhanced Qi.”

“There was a Plum Blossom Sword Bind behind it, right?”

“Ah, yes. Although it might look like one book, it is two; one is Purple Sky Enhanced Qi, and the other is Plum Blossom Sword Bind.”

Shock swept around the room once again.

Hyun Jong, barely coming to his senses, looked at the book and the Five Swords on the ground several times.

As he tried to organize his thoughts, he eventually gave up and held his face with both hands.

“What is with these children?”

They went to catch that impersonator and picked up their sect’s martial arts? This wasn’t something to stumble upon in the street…

And if they retrieved those things, why did they keep them hidden like they were nothing special? These morons!

“… sect leader, the words you need to be thinking are becoming clear outside.”

“Uh? Y-You heard it?”

“Yes… ‘These morons!’ was heard.”

Hyun Jong cleared his throat, his face a bit red.

“Aho! My stomach hurts!”

Hyun Young, who had been quiet for a while, lost control and suddenly became irritated. Then, he snatched the book Hyun Jong was holding.

“This is the Purple Sky Divine Arts! And that is the Purple Sky Enhanced Qi!”

“… are they two different?”

“They are different! It can be said that Enhanced Qi arts are the strongest of Mount Hua. And the Enhanced Qi is different from Seven Sages Sword and Plum Blossom Arts.”

“Then Purple Cloud Divine Arts?”

“The Divine Arts go even further. It is the best cultivation technique of Mount Hua, which only the sect leader can learn.”

The admiring and awe-filled eyes all focused on Hyun Young, who explained it all.

Of course, they all knew that it was a great martial arts skill to acquire, but they never thought that only the sect leader of Mount Hua could learn it.

Why would someone other than the sect leader be in possession of these martial arts? The 13th generation Sect leader was Chung Mun….

When Hyun Jong extended his hand, Hyun Young handed it over.

Hyun Jong took it and sighed as he carefully placed it on the table.

Hyun Jong, smiling as if he found it astonishing no matter how much he thought about it, turned to Baek Cheon.

“Did you mention that the ancestor concealed himself in a deep cave?”

“… I see. Then the ancestor….”

Hyun Jong, pondering over it, nodded.

Hyun Jong’s eyes welled up as he gazed at the book.

This martial arts manual was meant for the sect leader, symbolizing the leadership of the sect.

Despite assuming the role of Sect Leader in accordance with the predecessors’ wishes, he couldn’t help but harbor doubts in his heart, as neither he nor his predecessors were outstanding sect leaders.

However, the Purple Sky Divine Arts had finally returned to Mount Hua’s embrace.

“The ancestor’s benevolence… flows like a river…”

Hyun Jong muttered wearily and gently caressed the book’s half-cover, saying,

“Martial Arts hall leader.”

Hyun Sang quickly responded with a solemn expression.

“Retrieve the book, verify its authenticity, assess any damage, and determine if restoration is possible.”

“This is of utmost importance, so be meticulous.”

“Yes, sect leader! However…”

However, Hyun Sang, who had been speaking confidently, hesitated for a moment.

“Sect leader, I can verify the first two tasks. Yet, this is unfamiliar to me; it may take time to comprehend its significance, although comparing it to Mount Hua’s martial arts won’t be challenging.”

“But… I cannot verify it alone.”

“According to Mount Hua’s laws, only the sect leader can learn the Purple Sky Divine Arts. Unless it is the sect leader, we aren’t even allowed to read it. This is because seeing and confirming the martial arts and examining the true meaning of it is the same as learning it.”

“Eh? Really? Then, what is the deal?”

While the conversation was turning serious, a voice suddenly interrupted their talks.

Suddenly, receiving the attention, Chung Myung waved his hands with an awkward smile.

“Hehe… don’t worry about it. It isn’t like we only have a day or two.”

It was true that this wasn’t a process to happen in a day or two.

But one shouldn’t say that out loud, Chung Myung.

“Hmm. Fine, then, what should I do?”

“Even if you give permission to see it, the order has changed. It would make no sense to check the martial arts that the sect leader hasn’t even mastered. You should work hard… and check it for yourself.”

Hyun Sang’s voice grew loud.

“A skill which only Mount Hua’s Sect leader can officially learn. Of course, the best thing to do is for you to see and learn it yourself!”

At that moment, all of Mount Hua’s disciples gathered in the room, turned, and looked at Hyun Jong with bright eyes.

It was impossible to ignore the expectations they had. Cold sweat began to flow down Hyun Jong’s back.

‘The best martial arts of Mount Hua.’

‘The strong divine arts which only the sect leader can learn!’

‘How strong will the sect leader become with this?’

‘He should easily take down Chung Myung, right?’

Facing all those looks would make anyone feel burdened and want to run. Hyun Jong awkwardly asked Hyun Sang.

“… Does age matter?”

Hyun Jong’s head shook and bowed.

Even though they were obviously the same, the feelings and eyes had changed since a moment ago.

‘You want me to learn this?’

The best martial arts of Mount Hua? At this age?

Hyun Jong slowly raised his head. He smiled brightly without realizing it as he looked into the eyes filled with anticipation.

This was age-based abuse.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.