Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Baek Cheon’s eyes rolled slightly to the left.

Yu Yiseol, Yoon Jong, and Jo Gul. Although Tang Soso and Hye Yeon, who were always present these days, were missing, it wasn’t that awkward since these were the faces he saw most often.

His eyes rolled back to the right.

This place was quite unfamiliar.

Of course, it wasn’t right to say that they were unfamiliar since they always saw each other face to face in Mount Hua. To be precise, it wasn’t that those faces were unfamiliar, but the situation of standing in the same line as those people were unfamiliar.

“Why are you being so mean?”

That didn’t look familiar, that thing.

A very familiar bastard.

In front of them, who were standing in a line, Chung Myung stood with his legs crossed.

“There are also senior sasuks, but isn’t this too much?”

“Ah. It is hard to stand straight because of the stabbing I got when I fought against the Demonic Sect people.”

Baek Cheon was dumbfounded at that.

Yah. Humanly speaking, if one was in pain from the injury, one could not even walk. And the guy who looked like he was struck by lightning only had his legs hurt? Just the legs?

“Look at how smooth the topic change is, bastard,”

Voices of dissatisfaction came from all over, but Chung Myung cleaned his ears at their words.

“Everyone here knows why we are here, so let’s skip the unneeded explanation and get straight to the point.”

At that time, Jo Gul raised his hand. Chung Myung frowned at that and pushed his chin ahead.

“Why are we gathered here?”

For a moment, there was clear irritation in Chung Myung’s eyes as he looked at Jo Gul. Jo Gul looked around with a tough look on his face but soon lowered his head. Compared to the gaze of those around him, Chung Myung’s gaze seemed rather gentle.

“Gul. Let us think a little before we open our mouths.”

Yoon Jong sighed. Baek Cheon also sighed and asked Chung Myung.

“Purple Cloud Divine Arts, right?”

What else could there be?

A look of slight concern flashed across Baek Cheon’s face.

There wouldn’t be a big problem if they were learning together, but if even the third line of disciples were brought in, it felt too much. From the Un disciples side, wasn’t learning a new cultivation art with them the same as learning with a grandson?

Although it was said that when it came to learning, such barriers didn’t exist, in reality, it wasn’t the most idealistic.

But before Baek Cheon could say anything, Chung Myung struck.

“But I wasn’t the one who chose the people gathered here, so there is no use telling me anything.”

Baek Cheon closed his mouth like a clam.

‘He isn’t letting anything be said.’

Un Geom grinned and opened his mouth.

“Was this something the sect leader has instructed you to do?”

“Yes. And to be precise, it is the Sect Leader and elders.”

Baek Cheon watched for a moment and then whispered quietly enough for only Un Geom to hear.

“Sasuk. If you feel uncomfortable, we can tell the sect leader and split the number of people.”

Un Geom smiled at him.

“Thank you for your concern, but there is no need for that.”

“Ugh. I feel so burdened.”

Unexpectedly it was Un Am who said it. Un Geom looked at him with an odd look.

“Then do we send the kids away?”

“We should go, not the kids. How can I learn the Purple Cloud Divine Arts? It is beyond my skills.”

Un Geom burst out into laughter.

“Don’t be that harsh on yourself. Is there anyone who doesn’t know that sahyung isn’t weak?”

“Not weak. It was like that before. Well, I just don’t like it. I don’t get to talk with the sect leader..”

“If you do that, he wouldn’t approve of it.”

When Un Am chuckled, Un Geom looked at him with a warm smile.

Actually, it was Un Am who could sit in the position of sect leader of Mount Hua in the coming years if he wanted to. Even Hyun Jong wouldn’t deny anything to Un Am, who had assisted him for decades.

When Un Am wanted to take the position of sect leader, it was a time when Mount Hua had no hope. At that time, no one wanted to claim that spot.

When everyone else was avoiding it, he stepped forward silently to take care of the future of Mount Hua. And when the future of Mount Hua turned bright, he was willing to hand it over to future generations.

How could you not respect someone like that?

The reason why Un Am was complaining now is that it was a burden to learn such a skill on his own, which only the sect leaders were permitted to learn in the past.

Now, thanks to the order of Hyun Jong, all of Mount Hua’s disciples could learn these skills if they had the desire. Still, in reality, the perception of humans didn’t change that easily.

So, it was clear that he was trying to block out the talks by giving up on the training.

Un Am scratched his head and asked Chung Myung.

“So, Chung Myung, did the sect leader say that this martial art is being passed on?”

“Ah. That isn’t it.”

Chung Myung laughed bitterly.

“If it was a situation that absolutely had to happen, I would have no choice but to continue with the procedures and everything, but that’s not the situation right now. There are people other than me who can teach you.”

Just then, I heard someone walking from below the training ground. Everyone lined up, turning their gaze towards the place where the sound was coming from.

Un Geom, who was about to bow to the sect leader, tilted his head.

It was clearly Hyun Jong, but why did something seem a little different?

He blinked, but the person there was clearly Hyun Jong. And the people standing on the left and right were Hyun Sang and Hyun Young.

Even though he had seen them most of his life here, he felt a bit strange seeing this.

When Hyun Young heard the sound of cloth being torn, his eyes widened.

“No, I clearly told you to wear loose-fitting clothes! Who do you think will sew the new clothes?”

“I wore something a little bigger today!”

“Does that look like a body which will be fine with a little bigger clothes? Wear the size you wore when you were young? No, something bigger than that.”

Un Am also tilted his head at the conversation between the two.

Their clothes were small? Why?

But they had always been skinny; wait, they had gained weight…

Un Am, who had been staring at the three people, flinched. It wasn’t because of his mood, but Hyun Jong’s body seemed bigger than before.

‘Is this the spiritual qi… eh?’

Was that why he looked taller… uh?

With each step that Hyun Jong took, his chest bulged. Now that he thought about it, the shoulders… no, the thighs had gotten thicker too….

Un Am’s cheeks began to tremble.

‘It’s just that the body actually got bigger.’

Not only Hyun Young but also the elders next to him looked taller than before.

‘No, can a person suddenly grow this big?’

Of course, if the waist straightened after getting older, they did have the same effect as growing taller, but did it make you look different to this extent? That had to be nonsense.

Hyun Jong and the elders soon approached and stood in front of them.

Mount Hua’s disciples looked at Hyun Jong with a new perspective. Of course, the intimidating feeling that their bodies gave them as warriors was nice….

‘No, don’t they look great from any angle?’

‘They look like different people?’

Everyone gulped at the sight of Hyun Jong. Not only had he grown bigger, but the atmosphere around him seemed to have changed, too.

If he had to find words to express it… they could clearly feel the composure of the strong…

Uh? The laid-back attitude of the strong?

At that moment, Hyun Jong smiled and opened his mouth.

“Now, I would like to pass on to you what I have learned. It may not be easy to master because it is such a tough and difficult martial art, but I hope everyone will do their best to follow along.”

Mount Hua’s disciples all responded with red faces.

Right. Who cared about the change in appearance of the sect leader? What was important was that they learned the martial arts.

‘The best technique of Mount Hua!’

‘The legendary martial arts training which was put into practice!’

‘The most powerful cultivation arts which only the sect leader of Mount Hua could master!’

None of the techniques they learned were flashy. Now they could finally learn the skill on their own, which can be called the essence of Mount Hua.

Hyun Jong looked in the direction of the shout; some people were running from afar, panting.

Baek Cheon tilted his head at the familiar faces.

Those who rushed overpaid their respects to the sect leader and the elders.

When asked, Baek Sang hesitated and looked at Hyun Jong’s thoughts. Then, as if he had made up his mind, he spoke.

But before he could finish his words, Un Am frowned with a disapproving look and shouted.

“No matter how good you are for the Mount Hua disciples, is it right for you to rush in here to speak with the sect leader only to delay it?”

Hyun Jong, who laughed lightly and tried to dissuade Un Am, looked at Baek Sang with warm eyes.

“Tell me. Why are you hesitating so much?”

“S-sect leader. Are the ones gathered here going to learn the Purple Cloud Divine Arts?”

Baek Sang hurriedly shouted and fell flat on the spot. Then everyone who came with him also fell to the ground.

When Hyun Jong, surprised, tried to make them stand, Baek Sang shouted with a stern voice.

“We know we are not as great compared to those gathered here. I do not mean to question the sect leader’s choice. Even if I were asked to choose, I would select the sasuks, sahyung, sajaes, and the sajils here.”

He gulped and then continued.

“Which is why, sect leader, do not misunderstand and listen. We aren’t saying your decision is unfair, but we came here despite our rudeness because we desperately want this chance.”

“Did you say you want a chance?”

Baek Sang raised his head. Both eyes sparkled with earnestness.

“Of course, I know we are lacking. But we have all worked hard, too. So don’t think that the skill we knew before is all there is. I dare you to give us one chance to have our skills evaluated.”

Hyun Jong stroked his beard with a look of concern.

Then, Tang Soso, who had been watching, quietly opened her mouth.

“Sect leader, everyone knows that the decision of the elders and the sect leader is sound. But it feels bad that we are just waiting in the background.”

“Yes. We too… are also warriors.”

Hyun Jong smiled, looking at Tang Soso.

“Is it because you don’t want to be left behind?”

“I am lacking. I haven’t even learned the 24 Movement Plum Blossom Sword technique, and I haven’t yet fully mastered the martial arts of Mount Hua compared to other sahyungs. You know that, too. But!”

Tang Soso’s eyes looked straight at Hyun Jong. Eyes filled with desire. Pure desire.

“But if I accept this difference and continue to be pushed out, I will never be able to catch up with the sahyungs and sago. So please give us a chance to prove ourselves.”

Un Am, who was listening with a stern face, scolded them.

“Even if that was what you were thinking, is this how you ask it? In front of so many people? Did I teach this?”

“I apologize, sasuk.”

But Hyun Jong once again dissuaded Un Am and laughed.

“After hearing them speak, it isn’t that wrong. In fact, the truth that we selected people through a discussion amongst ourselves may be an insulting remark to those who weren’t selected. In that case, we need a method that everyone can understand.”

Then, looking at Hyun Sang, he asked vaguely.

“What do you think?”

“Hmm. Obviously, you cannot just pick them. But this isn’t the time. It is impossible to set standards right now. Please accept their request and delay the process of selecting the next ones a bit.”

Hyun Jong nodded as if there was some truth to what he said. This time, he looked at Hyun Young.

Hyun Young chuckled as if he was being asked something obvious.

The eyes of the disciples shone.

They couldn’t believe this. No one expected that Hyun Young, who waved his hands as if annoyed every time something was said, would help the disciples.

“Will that be alright?”

“Well. If they want to learn it that much, there is no reason to say they cannot do it, but….”

Hyun Young glanced at the gathered disciples.

“There is no need to create a standard for this now. From now on, we will only teach those who can handle it and continue it. There will be no complaints from anyone.”

“… only those who endure stay?”

“What are you trying?”

“Do anything. The method isn’t important. There are more important things.”

Hyun Young smiled very lightly.

“Reacting against the decision of the sect leader is an act of overruling his power. This is even more so if the sect leader was personally questioned. In accordance with that, these people should all be whipped and thrown into the penance cave.”

“I am not saying that, but… they need to be held responsible for their actions and get punished for it.”

Hyun Young said while looking at everyone.

“I will give you a chance. Instead!”

“I will also make the person who acts without thought pay for their acts! Never! Never give up halfway! Those who give up halfway will regret their decision for sure!”

At that moment, Un Am and Un Geom felt a shiver run down their spines.

It was a coldness brought by memories.

Long ago, so long ago.

At that time, a time before Hyun Young withdrew from the disciples and took over the Finance Hall to take responsibility for Mount Hua.

It reminded them of the one who was called the devil of Mount Hua before the time of Chung Myung.

The shocked disciples looked up and saw Hyun Young with Chung Myung standing behind him.

Chung Myung smiled brightly like a happy kid and raised his hand to bring attention to the other disciples. Without a word, he slit his throat with his thumb.

‘You people are dead now.’

At that moment, everyone felt it. They had done… a terrible wrong here.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.