Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

He bent his neck to the side… No, Chung Myung, with his neck bent to the side, pulled his head as if he couldn’t understand.

It felt like he could even hear the voice of Chung Jin in his ears.

-What did I say? Huh? What did I tell you?

“Shut up, noisy bastard!”

‘I will dig your grave up right away!’

Chung Myung gritted his teeth, held his head to support his sore neck, and sighed.

‘This is not working out.’

Creating martial arts wasn’t an easy task.

“Ugh. If it was a simple sword technique like the Seven Sages Sword, I could manage it well here.”

Treating the Seven Sages technique as a simple one would sound shocking to normal people, but it wasn’t that difficult for Chung Myung, who was the former Plum Blossom Sword Saint, known to be second to none in terms of understanding sword skills in Mount Hua.

However, it was difficult even for Chung Myung of this world to change a cultivation technique like the Purple Cloud Divine Arts.

Usually, when modifying such a complex and difficult martial art, the sect leaders and heads of the sect would come together to verify any errors, test it, and then confirm its effects before teaching it to others.

Even after going through that process, there were many cases of people being paralyzed after learning the new arts. Creating safe martial arts was difficult.

However, since he had skipped that long process and began to learn the roughly modified martial arts on his own, it was no wonder that he experienced Qi Deviation.

Chung Myung felt his spine bending back and lay down on the ground.

-I thought you would break down entirely after that.

‘Do you think you would be safe if I died here? You should hope that I live a long life. No, you all should be praying for that! If you don’t want your heads broken…’

“Uh… except for maybe the sect leader sahyung.”

Chung Myung lay down and sighed.

“Ugh, isn’t this the way?”

If it were anyone else, they would have died ten times already.

Chung Myung had spent several years laying the foundation for the future, so he ended up suffering these side effects.

A building with a weak foundation and poorly planted pillars would collapse even if it slightly tilted, but a building with the strongest pillars and a lot of effort put into its foundation would never collapse from a slight tilt.

After waking up in a new body, Chung Myung had spent several years building his foundation.

Thanks to that, his body was now in a state of perfection that couldn’t be compared to the past. The internal qi flowing within his body was so clean and pure that no trace of dirt could be found in it.

So, this was the limit of the side effects. Still, if a normal person were attempting this, there was a high chance that their cardinal and brachial veins would have been pinched. Their entire body would have bent up horribly, with the person in question puking up blood.

There was concern in the eyes of Chung Myung.

Right now, thanks to his neatly grown body, he was enduring it, but if he continued, he might really die. Even now, it would be better to just learn the techniques he had used in the past….

-Right, don’t be stubborn and just learn the old ones. I put a lot of thought into making them. How many times have I said this? It is because sahyung cannot do such things. Hehehe.

Chung Myung’s eyes shone.

“Fine! Let’s see who wins!”

He got up and began to pull the internal qi.

“If I try everything I can, I will get it done! Why use the brain when the body is what I use best? I trust my damned body!”

If Chung Myung’s sahyung-sajes in his past heard this, they would hold their heads in sorrow. But there was nothing wrong with what he said either.

All night long, the sounds of breaking bones and screams continued to emanate from Chung Myung’s room.

It wasn’t a significant concern for everyone living in the White Plum Blossom Hall because they were all asleep, plagued by nightmares due to the loud noises coming through the walls.

Hyun Young glanced at the people in front of him with a bit of distrust in his eyes.

Those who were being glanced at avoided Hyun Young’s gaze.

‘What else are we to do?’

‘I am scared to death, Sahyung.’

‘Chung Myung is better than this.’

After looking at them, Hyun Young mumbled as if he didn’t like it.

“We should have dropped a couple more.”

It seemed like he wasn’t happy with the number of people left here.

Un Am raised his hand insinuatingly and then lowered it.

Baek Cheon, Yu Yiseol, Yoon Jong, Jo Gul, Un Geom, and Un Am.

There were just six who survived the training.

There was no change in the number of people initially selected by Hyun Jong and the elders. This proved that the elders were right in their selection.

Baek Sang and Tang Soso fought till the end, and Kwak Ho received a passing grade based on grit alone but failed to meet Hyun Young’s standards.

“Two Un disciples, two Baek disciples, and two Chung disciples. This looks bad.”

At those words, Jo Gul raised his hand.

“Chung Myung is also a Chung disciple?”

Everyone turned to Jo Gul. Seeing the pathetic looks in their eyes, Jo Gul mumbled.

“Please, speak after thinking.”

“No, if possible, just don’t talk.”

Jo Gul, keenly aware that once a person was caught in the dark, even if he or she said the right thing, they would be criticized, stayed silent and wiped his tears away.

“Tsk tsk. He’s someone half of me.”

Hyun Young, who was wondering if it would be right to drop this guy, shook his head.

“Anyway, everyone had a hard time.”

Hyun Jong cleared his throat and continued to speak.

“As you know, the Purple Cloud Divine Arts is the best cultivation arts in Mount Hua. No, not just now, but it has been the greatest since the start of Mount Hua…”

Hyun Jong closed his mouth at the voice that interrupted him and glanced over. Hyun Young was waving his hand.

“Just get rid of the explanation and get to the main point.”

Hyun Young mumbled a little and looked at the disciples again.

“From today onwards, you will learn the Purple Cloud Divine Arts. Since you are the first among the disciples to learn this skill, you must be an example to others. Everyone, do your best! Do you understand?”

Satisfied with the loud answer, Hyun Young smiled slightly and shook his head. At the same time, the eyes of the disciples began to burn brightly.

The strongest technique in Mount Hua that was only to be learned by sect leaders.

Their hearts were filled with joy at the fact that they were able to learn such a skill.

It was worth it. How much hardship had they endured for this?

“I drank more water this month than I have drunk in my entire life.”

“Now I can even take a nap in the water.”

Looking back, it was a training that brought tears to their eyes. However, those here confidently overcame the tough times and eventually achieved the qualifications to learn this.

As soon as Hyun Young was done, Jo Gul raised his hand first.

Hyun Young looked at him with stern eyes and nodded.

“… Go ahead. Don’t speak nonsense, though.”

“Elder! The martial arts book to learn the new martial arts, where is it?”

“Hmm, that is a good question. It isn’t that bad.”

Hyun Young looked pleased.

“Of course, you need a book to learn the new skills. We have prepared enough to distribute to you.”

There was a lot of expectation in the eyes of the disciples.

The results of Purple Cloud Divine Forest had already been proven. Didn’t the three people in front of them show it with their growth?

Throughout the training, Hyun Young held up a large rock, which was difficult for the disciples to carry, with one hand and demonstrated with an extremely comfortable look.

Of course, this might have been due to the long-standing internal qi of the elders, but even so, it was a strength they couldn’t see before they learned this.

So how much stronger would they become if they learned this? Just imagining it made their hearts race.

“Then where are they?”

“Hmm. Right. That book. It is because of that.”

Baek Cheon’s eyes narrowed as suspicion began to arise. Hyun Young’s strange smile made him feel uneasy.

“As you know… didn’t we learn it all from Chung Myung?”

The moment the name Chung Myung was mentioned, their eyes trembled. They didn’t remember a time when this name came up, and things went fine.

“We know it since we tried it.”

Those words seemed like a symbol of upcoming misfortune. Has there ever been a time when those words came out of someone’s mouth, and things went smoothly?

“We concluded that you can build a foundation of much stability, and it will be quicker if someone infuses their true qi rather than just trying it out with your clumsy skills.”

“So, before you learn the rules, let’s first learn from him.”

Baek Cheon smiled a lot more happily.

To be able to move true qi meant that a person who had reached a certain state of growth could manipulate the qi of others to open pathways and guide them. The advantage was that the person could use qi more easily while the one infusing it expended a lot of mental energy.

Baek Cheon spoke in a shaky voice.

“I remember… that… as elders received guidance from Chung Myung, you all almost… right. That….”

Instead of Baek Cheon, who was unable to finish, Un Geom said,

“Didn’t seem like humans.”

“Yes. That… I was thinking that….”

Baek Cheon smiled awkwardly and cautiously asked,

“Is it going to be different from that?”

Why were you smiling like that, elder?

Hyun Young grinned. That was all. Even Hyun Jong and Hyun Sang behind him had similar looks.

The sight of these three people smiling with the same expression made the disciples tremble with fear.

“Well… wouldn’t you know it when you experience it?”

“What does it matter? You’ll learn then?”

Baek Cheon felt lost for words and went silent.

“Hehe, sometimes. Ignorance is the cure…”

Hyun Young rolled up his sleeve and stepped ahead. Hyun Jong and Hyun Sang did the same.

“Who will try it first?”

“It is fine. All fine. There is no need to worry. We have already properly learned what to do from Chung Myung.”

What? You did? How to hurt people?

“We don’t have much time, so don’t waste it. Un Geom, Un Am, and… right, Baek Cheon.”

Baek Cheon firmly raised his hand at Hyun Young’s words.

“Samae is the most eager.”

The diversion didn’t work. Baek Cheon walked like a cow being taken to a slaughterhouse.

And the three of them smiled.

Even though Chung Myung was away, it was already too late for Mount Hua to go back to its past form.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.