Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Those who saw Baek Cheon and the other disciples coming down from the training hall became scared and backed away.

“W-what is with their faces?”

It was understandable that Baek Cheon’s face was this exhausted.

Of course, it was very shocking to see the most handsome face in Mount Hua suddenly look 10 years older, but wasn’t it quite familiar to see him like this?

What really shocked them were the faces of Un Geom and Un Am.

“A-are you alright, sasuk?”

“Senior sasuk! Oh my, what happened….”

Un Am looked at them with a sad expression. Tears welled up in Un Am’s eyes as he looked at the place they had been to.

‘This is why I didn’t want to do it…!’

He said he didn’t want to do it! Uh? He said it was better to walk away!

How dare they hold him there and torment him… no, was this something a human would do?

“What have they been through? It was the sect leader and others who were… ah…”

The disciples, who kept rambling, exclaimed like they understood. They looked at them sadly and shook their heads. Thanks to Un Am, this situation turned even sadder.

“Don’t… be worried… I am fin… kuak!”

The Baek and Chung disciples rushed to Un Geom, who was staggering as if he was about to collapse. It was a desperate sight as if they would cry at any moment.

Yoon Jong’s heart warmed at the sincere response from his sahyung-sajaes. The faces of the Baek and Chung disciples rushing to Un Geom were filled with sincerity.

That was a good thing. A really good thing…

“Ah. Get out of the way!”

Yoon Jong’s vision blurred as he saw the disciples rush to Un Geom, pushing him as if hitting him on the shoulder.

‘I too… I am hurt, too?’

Was he not a human, too?

Baek Cheon, Yoon Jong, and Jo Gul were all standing blankly, looking at each other with blank faces.

They were taking care of their seniors, so they couldn’t say anything….

“Are you alright, sasuk?”

“I, well… yes. It is worth enduring.”

Since no one took care of them, the three of them had to care for one another. Friendship was built amidst worries…. They were a mess, bones sore, and on the verge of death.

Yoon Jong spoke like he was surprised.

“I tried this myself, and it is no joke. It felt like my internal organs were twisted, and all the bones were broken.”

“I once again feel great about the elders and sect leaders who endured the pain for over a month.”

“Yes. I respect them again.”

But Jo Gul’s expression was somehow somber.

“I have a different thought.”

“Before, when the sect leader and the elders were suffering, I was once again scolded by Chung Myung for thinking of doing that to their bodies.”

Uh… he did behave like that, too. Right. If one thought of it, it was insane.

‘This is a degree of elder abuse.’

This was almost torture. According to what the elders said, their practice was much cleaner than what Chung Myung did. Then how much pain was originally put on them?

“He is one to make fools of others.”

While Baek Cheon was thinking of the personality of Chung Myung, who surprised him each time, Tang Soso, Baek Sang, and Kwak Ho approached him.

Baek Cheon looked at them with joy.

It seemed like not all the disciples treated them badly. If they thought of it, weren’t these three the ones who were closest to them among the disciples, excluding the Five Swords?

He opened his mouth, looking impressed.

“Thank you for your concern. But we are….”

Tang Soso immediately cut off his words. And Baek Sang asked as if he had been waiting.

“How do you feel, sasuk? Grateful? Amazed? Uh? How does it work?”

“Uh… were you not worried about us?

“You keep your mouth shut later and speak now. How was it?”

“That… no matter what I try to say, it is the first day of learning…”

In Baek Cheon’s place, who was speechless, Yoon Jong answered with a shocked look. Kwak Ho frowned.

“You won’t tell us?”

“Ah-no, that isn’t it. It is the first time I am learning it today, so I am not sure. Plus, I only did the basic learning…”

“Huh! Don’t be like that, sahyung!”

“Now, sahyung might have learned this on your own effort and gone ahead, but we will catch up to you somehow! Don’t think that it ends like this!”

“Right! Damn, these special ones! I will never lose!”

“I thought it was the end if I failed! No matter what I do, I will pass again and learn it!”

Tang Soso and Kwak Ho yelped and growled like small puppies.

These people… why were you doing this to them…

At that time, Soso had a stern look and asked them.

“But where is Sago? I didn’t see her?”

“… Yiseol said she would train more.”

When Baek Cheon answered, this emotion flashed in her eyes.

“Ahh. As expected of Sago, how hard does she work…!”

People… was it alright to discriminate against people like this?

Was this really right?

“What are you looking at?”

Then, at the same time, Soso turned her body and ran.

“Senior sasukkkk! Get out of my way! I will help!”

“I will help too, Soso.”

As the two people walked to Un Geom, there was silence.

Baek Cheon shook his head as he looked at Yoon Jong and Jo Gul, who were in a daze as if struck by water.

“Tsk tsk. It is because there is no such thing as a relationship between sahyung and sajae. Isn’t that right, Baek Sang?”

But Baek Sang, whom he trusted, also had a strange look on his face as he looked at Baek Cheon.

“Congratulations on mastering the skill.”

“I think, for the sake of Mount Hua’s future, sahyung should be trained to the best of his ability.”

“You mean it? Of course.”

Baek Sang nodded in response to Baek Cheon’s answer.

“Focus on training. You don’t need or have time to spend money for a while.”

“Please know that starting from this month, only half of your given budget will be handed over. It is the sage’ssajaes’ wish that you should train and do your best there.”

With those words, Baek Sang left, leaving the cold wind to blow.

Looking at Baek Cheon extending his hand ahead, only to grasp the air, Yoon Jong and Jo Gul spoke in regret.

“Tsk tsk, the love between sahyung and sajae.”

“But it isn’t there.”

In the end, only the three of them were left alone.

These were three people who subtly ended up being the ones Mount Hua avoided.

The strongest driving force that led to training was fun rather than duty. Once a person felt their skills were improving, they would not be able to stop practicing on their own will.

Thanks to this, the elders, including Hyun Jong, became passionate about training.

Although they were old, they felt that improving day by day was happening, and so they couldn’t stop practicing.

Of course, before, each person had their own tasks to do, and they couldn’t stray just because of the training. But even in the midst of this, they slept less and used their free time to train in swordsmanship.

Hyun Young spit fire from his mouth.

“Why is this happening! Uh? I surely told you not to just sleep and cultivate last night, right?”

Jo Gul, with sunken eyes, raised his hand up.

“… People die if they don’t sleep either, elder.”

“No, you don’t die if you don’t sleep. If you die, you can sleep as much as you want! Would you like to confirm those words?”

Those who sat cross-legged in front of Hyun Young felt it again.

‘Chung Myung is better.’

‘No, but this is a bit….’

‘No, he might definitely be better.’

Hyun Young shouted with a disapproving look.

“Do I even have to clean your shitty pants at this age? Do that yourself!”

“Ehhhh! I already don’t have enough time, and I don’t have time to train because I am teaching you people all the time!”

Baek Cheon looked at Hyun Young with empty eyes.

‘Baek Sang was about to die.’

Since they were made to sit in water and swing their swords the entire time, the remaining people almost died. In the meantime, since he was sure to check things when they were done, they could not even half-heartedly do things.

“Stop talking nonsense; we have to somehow get the qi up from the dantian. You understand?”

“Why aren’t you answering me?”

Just because he wished for them to do it…

Everyone had a hard time swallowing their resentment and didn’t know what to do. At that time, Hyun Jong smiled and stepped ahead.

“Don’t be this pushy. Is that something which can be done so easily?”

“… Uh. Yes, I was feeling rushed….”

“Even if we don’t get all agitated and scold them, our kids will work hard, right?”

“Right. If you work hard, you will be able to do that in three days.”

Uh… three days? Did he just extend one day?

“Work hard. If you work hard, it is better.”

Did this mean that those who could not move it within three days would be those who didn’t work hard? Uh?

“Hehehe. Everyone can do it. I believe in you.”

Whether it was a scolding or gentle encouragement, the conclusion was the same.

Baek Cheon, thinking that he had to somehow escape this hellish situation, slowly raised his hand.

“That… it isn’t that we don’t want to receive teachings from the sect leader and the elders, but it could be exhausting for you. It would be better to hand over the task of teaching to Chung Myung….”

When Hyun Jong’s eyes twitched, everyone sitting cross-legged turned back at once.

“Ah, shit! This is driving me insane!”

“Why is the neck spinning again?”

Everyone who had been silently watching the bizarre scene unfolding behind them smiled and looked ahead.

“I wasn’t thinking right, sect leader.”

“Right, you know it, that is good enough.”

He didn’t want to pay attention to what that monster was doing. Right, he was one to say such a thing. Because it had always been like that.

“Okay, then, let’s start again. As I said, you should never be in a hurry. Only when there is peace in one’s mind can one’s qi not be shaken. And if you work hard, you can do it quickly.”

It was the same as saying look to the left and right at the same time.

The disciples’ faces darkened at that.

‘I am going to die…’

‘Just say you will kill me.’

Those who sat cross-legged began to meditate while contemplating the interior. Hyun Sang and Hyun Young stayed by their side to see if any problem arose.

Hyun Jong smiled at this.

‘Such amazing children.’

Those who had already been through it knew better than anyone how tough this process was. But, even though the disciples complained with their mouths, they were not half-heartedly training.

Because there were kids like these, Mount Hua was getting stronger.

Hyun Jong walked to the cliff behind and looked at the Mount Hua sect unfolding below, especially towards the halls.

Mount Hua’s disciples were sweating profusely, concentrating on their training.

‘They are also amazing….’

“I will kill you, Yoon Jonggggg!”

“Jo Gul! Jo Gul! From Jo Gul! Catch him first!”

“I don’t like Baek Cheon sahyung! His shiny face is like a consort!”

“Woah, that was too harsh?”

“I will never lose! I will not lose! Purple Cloud Divine Arts!”

At the sound that reached his ears, Hyun Jong’s eyes trembled.

Well, all they had to do was work hard.

Those who tried to do their best, and those who followed to achieve their goal. The ideal Mount Hua that Chung Myung once spoke of was here.

It could be long or short, depending on what a person chose it to be, but Mount Hua finally achieved that state.

‘And it will expand further in the future.’

If they continued what their ancestors had left behind and did not walk a different path, Mount Hua would be able to overcome the past and become a greater sect in the future.

“Ahhhh! Fuck! I am going insane! Shit! Why isn’t it workinggggg!”

Hyun Jong stood with his back to the direction of the sound. And so the only ugly thing left on Mount Hua was out of his vision.

‘Ancestors. Please look after Mount Hua.’

“ACKKKKKKK! I am pissed!”

Please do something about that bastard.

Finally, a deep sigh escaped him.

One who moved ahead. And those who followed. And those who made the path.

The bit of cold wind had cooled off the sweat of everyone.

The days of training with each other continued…

And before they knew it, the season of cold winds arrived in Mount Hua.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.