Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

It was the waterway considered to be the lifeline of the nation, running through the center of the Central Plains and serving as a hub for trade.

Naturally, the dock was crowded with people trying to cross the river by boat and those moving to distant areas along the Yangtze River.

“Get on quickly! Hurry! We are leaving soon!”

“Don’t push! Ah, I am falling!”

People moved on board between the large anchored ship and the port. Their clothes were all very different.

When everyone was about to board the ship, the sailor collecting money tilted his neck and shouted.

“Is there anything else? If there’s nothing more, let’s go!”

Then, the planks were removed, and the anchor was raised. Soon, the sails were unfurled, and the anchored ship slowly began to move ahead, riding the strong flow of the Yangtze River.

Someone came running quickly from afar, shouting.

“Wait! Stop now! We need to board that ship!”

A strangely loud voice.

No, actually, the voice itself wasn’t that loud, but strangely, it was clearly caught by the ear.

A person standing on the bow of the ship, looking at the gradually receding port, clicked their tongue as if they felt bad.

“You should have come a little earlier! We can’t stop the boat! Take the next one!”

The ship was already quite far from the port. The sailor’s words were indeed right since it was impossible to return the ship to the port.

But the person running didn’t seem to think so.

“You cannot do that!”

He ran like crazy towards the river without slowing down.

“What are you trying to do?”

Everyone, including those on the ship and those on the dock, mumbled and looked at what he was doing with astonished eyes.

The ship had already moved more than a dozen miles away from the riverside. But wasn’t that man still not giving up and trying to jump onto the boat?

“Then, you will get hurt if you continue…”

“Ehh. I guess he will run and kill himself.”

“How can you swim to catch the ship! It isn’t like the ship is waiting. Haven’t we already set sail?”

The speed of the person running increased suddenly, and soon, the person flew into the air like a bird. At the same time, everyone’s eyes followed him towards the sky.

“Oh my! What is that!”

He soared like a hawk, spun in the air, covered a distance of about a meter, and landed on the boat.

Even though the person landed on the ship’s railing just in time, it was truly an amazing event.

Those watching from the dock and the deck of the ship were wide-mouthed and applauded at this incredible sight. Exclamations and admiration erupted.

“People are not birds.”

“That’s amazing. He was awesome! Is he a warrior?”

At that moment, one of those who glanced around was surprised to find the baggage the man had over his shoulder.

“A special delivery! Eunha Merchant Union!”

“Oh? Is that Eunha Merchant Union…?”

“Yah! This person is like the wind, a special delivery of Eunha! This is the first time seeing someone in person!”

As soon as the term ‘special delivery’ was mentioned, everyone on deck began to make the dock noisy.

The man grinned and gave a thumbs-up to the people around him.

“Thank you, thank you. However, since we are currently transporting cargo, please do not get too close. Please.”

The people gathered in response to the polite request of the man and stepped back.

The special delivery feature of Eunha Merchant Union was widely known for transporting expensive goods, as the fee was high.

Of all the countless symbols in the world, wasn’t the reason why the Eunha Merchant Union gained a great reputation in recent years precisely because of the existence of special delivery?

Not only those who engaged in this business but anyone with even the slightest interest in world affairs would be aware of this: the existence of a special delivery service that precisely delivered goods within a period that other courtiers could not even dream of, covering a distance of around 10,000 miles.

“Thank you for your hard work. How far are you going?”

“Haha. I don’t have the privilege to say that either, so please understand.”

“As expected of a special delivery from Eunha. They are so sure of their task.”

“Okay then. Isn’t it said that the dignitaries of Beijing are waiting for their turn to entrust their duties?”

“That’s amazing. It is so amazing. I want to try it, too.”

“Are there any valuables?”

“Ugh, this person! I heard there is such a feature only in Eunha? You can give him normal items, too.”

The special delivery person, So Jong-bok, smiled.

‘Now, wherever I go, people recognize me.’

Of course, he was a disciple of the Ghost Clan.

Some time had passed since the clan leader decided to start this service, and now people were recognizing the special delivery and the Eunha Merchant Union wherever they went.

‘That’s a really good thing.’

How severe was the opposition when the clan leader first announced that he would start transporting goods?

It wasn’t just the elders who risked their lives to save pride. The disciples who were actually put to work couldn’t disobey the clan leader’s orders, so they only followed him out of reluctance, but no one disliked him.

And now, it has turned into a situation where those who did not go out on the delivery and remained in the Clan to train felt envious of those going out and looked forward to an order.

‘When I think about it, I also don’t have much left until my shift is done.’

After completing this, he had to head back to the Clan, swap duties with someone else, and spend some time training. When he thought about going back, he sighed.

It was uncertain before, but how much experience and broad perspective one gains from traveling around the world is undeniable.

Compared to training all day in the Clan, in Ghost Clan, it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to call it a luxury.

‘Furthermore, if I do this, I will almost reach the amount I am aiming for….’

The reach of Eunha was vast.

Every time an escort service order was brought in, they paid a huge amount. Of course, the percentage was not high as they paid a certain portion of the money they received as a request fee to the Ghost Clan and then received their share from it, but that alone was substantial.

Even if they didn’t develop their skills and became famous as warriors, they could make more money than just making a name for themselves by continuing to train.

No, if you only thought about it financially, they might be able to save a good amount of money.

Therefore, the Ghost Clan disciples worked hard without being lazy, and thanks to this, the reputation of the special delivery of the Eunha merchants increased day by day.

-Euhahahaha! The storehouse is full! There is no room to put more money! We need to expand it! Our warehouse!

The Ghost Clan also changed with each passing day.

The shabby pavilions were being torn down, with new buildings put up. It was even said that the clan leader was considering moving the location of Ghost Clan to a city.

Seo Jong-bok realized time and again that money could change things.

At that moment, people’s small whispers reached his ears.

“But wouldn’t it be dangerous? Everyone in the world knows that special tickers carry valuable items, but if they travel alone…”

“Stop talking nonsense.”

“Aren’t there widespread rumors that Mount Hua is behind the special delivery? Even if they are money-minded robbers, knowing that Mount Hua is behind the special delivery people, who would dare touch them? To Evil Sects bastards, Mount Hua is no different from the reaper.”

“Ah, r-right. Yes! If Mount Hua erupts, the Evil Sect people will be shocked.”

“From what I heard, ever since Mount Hua wiped out the bandits last time, even the bandits of Green Forest have not dared to touch the Eunha till now. They also have one life, so shouldn’t they hope to live?”

“Haha. It is funny here. If Mount Hua can do that, then they can do as much as they want, but doesn’t that mean they all gave up?”

“It is different from being narrow-minded; it is good-willed! Well, anyway, that’s why the special merchant is safe, and high-ranking officials trust them. The Eunha Merchant Union also believes in this, so they put forth a condition that if the goods they were transporting get lost or something, the compensation to pay is also huge!”

“Sure, I understand.”

Seo Jong-bok chuckled.

They didn’t know. It’s not that Green Forest was afraid of Mount Hua and could not touch them, but it was because they had joined hands with Mount Hua.

He suddenly wondered what expressions they would make if they found out that he had a nice meal and rested in the bandits’ lodge.

Seo Jong-bok, who put the baggage on the railing, looked to the left and right.

If there was land, he was confident he could run there if someone targeted him. Anyone who was a disciple of the Ghost Clan had good knowledge of footwork.

However, on a ship like this with nowhere to run, one had to be more cautious of the surroundings than usual.

‘Get off the ship and head to the destination in three more days. Then, I can go out a couple more times before returning to Ghost Clan. I am having fun because I can take turns enjoying…’

The ship carrying Seo Jong-bok moved ahead without stopping. This spectacular move unfolded on both sides of the ship.

How far did the ship go?

When it was getting dark, the sailors came up and shouted.

“Don’t stay on the railing at night; you might fall off. And the river winds get cold. Although the cabin is small, there is room for people to sleep, so please go inside and rest.”

When the people watching the setting sun heard those words, they got up one by one and headed to the cabin. But then, an urgent voice burst out.

“W-wait! Excuse me! That!”

The sailor urgently ran to the bow.

“There! Look there! That ship!”

The sailor hurriedly craned his head and looked in the direction pointed. A ship was approaching from the other side.

“What is it? That is just a ship.”

“Well, the direction is strange. At this distance, we have to turn now, but if we continue like this, they might follow.”

The sailor’s eyes wavered slightly.

It was clear that they were approaching this ship, which meant they most likely had business to do. But what business is there on the river?

The approaching ship raised its sails.

It wasn’t unusual for ships to raise their sails, but the pattern on it was the problem.

The shape of the Black Dragon was threatening to look at.

There was only one place that used that sign on the Yangtze River. That was the Eighteen River Families.

“We are outnumbered!”

“The enemy is coming!”

Those on the ship turned frantic and ran wild when they heard the word’ River Bandits.’ Encountering a bandit on the wide river with nowhere to run was the worst possible situation.

But it was too late to escape now. The ship with the Black Dragon flag was getting closer faster.

Seo Jong-bok’s face turned cold.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.