Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Ughh. It is getting harder to deal with him as days go by.”

Hyun Young snorted at that.

“Chung Myung, that guy, is no different from yesterday. It is the sect leader who wants more from him.”

Hyun Jong seemed to be thinking for a moment, then he nodded.

In the past, Hyun Jong didn’t expect much from Chung Myung. He was just a kid who came to learn about Mount Hua’s way on his own.

But now, everyone was expecting the kid to do something or another. And Hyun Jong, too.

“Sect leader, I think the sect leader has gone too far this time.”

It was when Hyun Sang added.

“You told him not to go with the kids for their sake, but now you told him to go and help them. Isn’t it a bit absurd from Chung Myung’s side?”

Hyun Jong sighed, looking exhausted.

“But I am not such a capable person.”

“I was trying to find a good path for everyone, but it felt like I couldn’t.”

“But this situation…”

“Is it a bit serious?”

Hyun Sang didn’t understand what Hyun Jong said out of the blue and questioned with a bitter look.

“I have never seen that child get a proper rest.”

At those words, the expressions of Hyun Sang and Hyun Young went stiff.

“This time, I realized something when I began to train in the morning. He starts the training in Mount Hua before anyone and finishes the last. At the same time, isn’t he looking after the other children and their training? And coordinating work with others in the sect and even handling the businesses of Mount Hua?”

Hyun Young thought about each thing one by one and nodded.

Although there were separate disciples for the work, nothing went ahead without Chung Myung.

“If you want others to share the work, even if there is enthusiasm, it isn’t enough compared to him. In the meantime, when has Chung Myung been able to rest with everything happening outside the sect being his responsibility?”

Hyun Young opened his mouth as if he wanted to speak.

‘All this happened so naturally that I couldn’t realize it.’

Looking back, the work that Chung Myung was doing wasn’t something a single person could handle.

Nevertheless, the reason why he didn’t take this fact seriously was because of the gradual increase in the number of tasks he was given and the extremely relaxed appearance that Chung Myung showed despite all the work on him.

No one would see him lying down, sipping tea, and think he was living a busy life.

“For us and the kids, too, we have to do our tasks without relying on Chung Myung. This isn’t for Mount Hua. This is for Chung Myung’s sake.”

“… Since when did you start thinking like that?”

“It was when I saw the guy going in and out of the Finance Hall despite learning a new technique.”

“Learning a new skill is such an important task, and it requires a person to do everything to learn it. But as if it wasn’t enough for him to only focus on that, he also tried to handle the big and small matters of Mount Hua. And I didn’t think it was the right thing to do.”

Something was surely wrong.

Chung Myung’s love for Mount Hua was huge. Who here didn’t know that?

But, from Hyun Jong’s point of view, Chung Myung’s obsession with Mount Hua went beyond understanding. Moreover, it felt like it had turned more severe.

‘Ever since he took the vision of his ancestor, he has been wanting to do more.’

It would be nice if small changes were made, but it wasn’t something Chung Myung could do. He was the one who overdid everything.

“Was that also included as the reason why you didn’t send Chung Myung?”

“Isn’t it known to everyone that he takes special care of those who go out on a task? I thought that if I pushed him away a little, Chung Myung could get some rest. And I thought if we could gradually do it more, Chung Myung would relax his body.”

Hyun Sang and Hyun Young looked with stiff faces.

Since they held the position of elder, they should have understood Hyun Jong better than anyone else. Still, they couldn’t realize it until now.

Hyun Young shook his head and asked.

“Then why send Chung Myung back? No, if that is the case, you could have sent reinforcements.”

“… something didn’t feel right.”

Hyun Jong’s face was stiff.

“They said that the pirates are capturing people and selling them as slaves. How many times have there been cases where such things happened?”

“If something like that happened, there is no way the news wouldn’t come to us. Those acts are beyond acceptable. Rumors spread, and even the officials need to fight to take down the pirates if they are going to be like this.”

“… then, sect leader, do you think this wasn’t for the money then?”

“I cannot be sitting here and speaking like I know what is happening in the Yangtze River. But this time, something feels odd. If we aren’t careful, those who went to the Yangtze River must be in great danger.”

The two elders’ faces became darker. Hyun Jong continued in a low voice.

“It is still just a thought, but it doesn’t seem right. So if we don’t hurry and start-up, something will happen. We need to leave as soon as possible, too.”

It wasn’t as easy as one thought to empty the sect and lead the disciples. There was a lot to prepare and, above all, they needed to coordinate so that there were no problems with the disciples away.

But now things were urgent. So first, they sent Chung Myung in advance.

‘Is it still difficult?’

Hyun Jong closed his eyes.

Chung Myung would have guessed Hyun Jong’s intentions. And yet, he was pouting to show that this wasn’t the time to make him rest.

The sect could not become the entire life of a person.

It was a good thing that Mount Hua was gaining fame and greatness because of Chung Myung. But the most ideal direction Hyun Jong envisioned wasn’t for Chung Myung to make Mount Hua known, but for Mount Hua to be a place where Chung Myung could rest.

Hyun Jong finally couldn’t handle it and sighed.

‘It is still tough to give him rest.’

It is a difficult path. Not yet.

“But it will be done at some point. For his sake.”

Hyun Jong shook his head and looked to the south. His eyes looked concerned.

‘Nothing bad should happen.’

He let out a long sigh.

The speed at which Chung Myung ran was incredible.

It was incomparable to when he usually ran with the Five Swords. He was literally moving one mountain at a time and jumping over rivers with just two steps.

“Huk! Huk! Huk! M-Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon! Let us go together!”

The face of Do Un-Chan, the Ghost Clan leader who followed behind, had turned pale.

‘Does this make sense?’

The Ghost Clan might be weak in strength, but their footwork was the best in the world, and Do Un-Chan’s footwork was the best in the world, as was the leader of the Ghost Clan.

So, of course, he was confident that he would be second to none if he were to compete in this. In terms of footwork, would it be at the level of Heavenly Steps? Or faster than that?

But now, it was becoming difficult for Do Un-Chan to just follow Chung Myung, who was running ahead. It felt like his breath quickly rose to the top of his chin, and his dantian had been messed with.

‘How can this happen…’

So ridiculously fast.

But what was even more surprising was that the incredible speed was being maintained without slowing down.

‘Because of how excellent his qi is…?’

Of course, the reputation of Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon was spreading throughout the land. This was bound to happen.

Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon was no longer just considered the best among disciples; the fact that he fought and defeated Wudang’s elder was now known to everyone in Kangho.

He never had any doubts about his skills, but even considering that, they exceeded expectations.

“M-Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon…!”

After calling several times, Chung Myung, who was running like a madman, suddenly turned his head.

“I-if you could slow down… you are so fast!”

Chung Myung tilted his head as if he didn’t understand what was happening.

“I am running at a reasonable pace because of the clan leader.”

Chung Myung shrugged his shoulders as he looked at Do Un-Chan, who was contemplating.

“I am sorry, but I am busy right now.”

“Anyway, the destination is the same, so let’s go and meet there.”

Chung Myung smiled brightly, waved his hand, and ran ahead at a much faster speed.

“M-Mount Hua! Divine….”

He tried to shout, but Chung Myung had vanished instantly.

“… is he even human?”

Do Un-Chan, who had stopped in his tracks in shock, looked in the direction where Chung Myung had disappeared with a puzzled look.

They have been gathering information for a few days now, but they haven’t found anything.

“And the merchants?”

Yoon Jong sighed softly at that.

“It is the same. It feels like the number of pirates has increased recently, but there seems to be no one who knows about the harm done or anything. An entire ship went missing recently, so an investigation is happening, but other than that, nothing much.”

“Isn’t it something that happens sometimes when a ship sinks? If a ship sinks in the middle of the Yangtze River, even the most skilled sailors cannot return.”

If that was the case, it was unfortunate, but it’s not something they should pay attention to.

Baek Cheon made a groaning sound and looked at Yang Soso.

“Yes. It seems like no looting happened. Although they say they live on the Yangtze River, most of them are farming or fishing along the riverside. Since these people’s pockets are tight, the pirates don’t pay much attention to them.”

If you thought about it, it was natural.

Pirates didn’t target civilians. In the first place, those who climbed the mountain with their own money to travel long distances could not be considered normal citizens. Ordinary people rarely left their homes and moved elsewhere.

If one thought about it that way, it was obvious why the bandits did not touch the civilians along the river. Because there was nothing left to do if they went after the people.

Those with money traveled on ships, so why would they rob poor people?

“What about the rumors of pirates?”

“It looks like there aren’t many. Even though it is called the Yangtze River, there are so many tough lands around that it makes few places available for people to live.”

The Yangtze River was famous for its outstanding scenery. In other words, it meant there was rough terrain that was difficult for people to live on.

“It is said that the pirates choose such difficult places to build their bases and periodically transport their household goods by boat.”

“Then you are saying there isn’t really anything to call a base.”

“Right. I think so.”

It was more of a pain than he thought. Let alone the pirates who were targeting the special packages; it is impossible to know where the pirates are now.

‘I thought they would be similar to bandits, but I was mistaken.’

If they thought about it, the reason they were able to find and attack the bandits was because they had Im So-Byung on their side.

“What did the Beggars Union say?”

“It seems like the information isn’t even reaching the Beggars Union. They have no means of knowing what happened on the waters.”

Baek Sang scratched the back of his head, feeling it was a waste.

“That… if you think about it, it is obvious that the information from beggars spreads across the entire Central Plains because they beg, so why would beggars board a ship?”

Baek Cheon, who was silent, looked at Baek Sang and sighed.

“… right, you are right.”

His entire body ached.

“The pirates sometimes attack not just the merchant ships but also the official ships. I wondered why they wouldn’t take them down.”

Finding the pirates, who changed locations when they got bored in the wide Yangtze River, was like finding a needle in a haystack.

They also failed to find anything about the missing person’s whereabouts.

If they could not find what they were looking for, there were two reasons: either the person drowned and died, or he was taken prisoner by the pirates.

To find out, they had to identify the pirates who attacked him and confirm the location of their base.

At that time, Yoon Jong spoke with a serious face.

“I think things will be difficult.”

“In the first place, is it possible to find the number of travelers over the water?”

Then Jo Gul, who had been listening, clasped his hands and placed them on the back of his head, grumbling.

“Ehh. If we were rich, we could get on a boat, and the pirates would come looking for us. We don’t have money, so we might have to look for help.”

But Baek Cheon suddenly looked at Jo Gul and asked.

“What did you just say?”

“We don’t have money?”

“Uh? Ah… if we were rich, the pirates would come find us….”

Baek Cheon, who mumbled, suddenly brightened and grinned.

“I heard that even dog poop can be medicinal at times.”

The face that looked sullen had brightened up.

“Let’s change the plan.”

“It is, as Jo Gul said. If we cannot find them, we make it so they find us.”

At that moment, the disciples were shaking with anxiety. The smile on Baek Cheon’s face was similar to Chung Myung’s.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.