Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The pirate who was stabbed in the chest instantly jumped back and rolled on the deck. However, despite dealing with one pirate cleanly, Baek Cheon didn’t look that pleased.

“Be careful! They are wearing chainmail armor underneath their clothes!”

Came the loud response.

Since they were pirates, they would do a lot of things in the waters. It went without saying that if they wore gloves on their hands and bodies, it made it difficult for them to attack. And yet, if they were wearing clothes like now, it meant that their skills in the water were exceptional.

As if not even giving them time to think about anything else, a blade with raging qi rushed right for Baek Cheon’s face. It was a faster and sharper attack than expected.

As soon as the blade was struck, four or six chains with hooks flew simultaneously from above his head. It seemed as if Baek Cheon’s body would get caught at any moment.

Baek Cheon’s sword stretched out like a beam of light, countering in an instant.

A dozen red sword qi rays unfolded at the same time, accurately hitting the incoming chains and blowing them back.

Baek Cheon’s sword cut deeply into the chest of the charging pirate. Since he knew that the opponent had armor within, he aimed to tear it off.

The pirate whose chest was cut fell to the ground, twitching in pain.

Baek Cheon shook off the blood on his sword by swinging it and looked at the scene unfolding.

The pirates in blue clothes were still jumping onto the ship one after another. It was true that the pirate ship was much larger than the ship the Mount Hua disciples were on. But looking at the numbers coming in now, he wondered just how many pirates were on that ship.

‘This is why they are opponents no one wants to deal with.’

It was clear that they were burdensome opponents.

In response to the numerous attacks coming, Baek Cheon hurled his sword forward a dozen times in an instant.

Not just the pirates who were rushing in, but even those who were threatening from a distance were swept away by the sword and fell back, blood spilling from their wounds.

‘These people aren’t weak either!’

They had endured so much in their lives to be afraid of the pirates now. Didn’t he and his sajaes go through all the chaos to get here?

“Crush them at once!”

Everyone ran ahead shouting and began to push back the pirates.

Yoon Jong’s calm face was defeating the pirates.

Honestly, they were too weak. And if they had to be honest, they were tough opponents to handle.

First, the weapons they were using were not common. There were almost no weapons like the usual swords, blades, or spears used in the Central Plains. But they weren’t using their fists either.

Most of them had harpoon-shaped Emeici daggers, tridents, or things that resembled bird claws.

Weapons they had not faced before were now coming from all directions, so even if they had some experience fighting people in Kangho, they were bound to be shocked.

Yoon Jong’s sword swung again.

Three people came in at the same time, and Emeici daggers came from behind. This chain scythe fell from above, and a hooked chain flew low, aiming to pierce or cut his ankles.

It was truly the strangest weapon combination.

But Yoon Jong’s eyes didn’t even waver.

Yoon Jong calmly took a step back. The chain scythe aimed for his head passed right in front of his face, and the hook aimed for his ankles cut through the thin air, only scratching the deck.

The sword, which moved neatly, accurately hit the Emeici daggers, sending them flying back.

More stabs continued to come.

The pirate pierced right in the middle of the chest, let out a scream, and fell down right there.

Yoon Jong, who pulled the sword out of the pirate’s chest, took a stance. His form was lower than before. The pirate flinched, seeing how calm Yoon Jong was; he couldn’t blindly rush in like before.

‘An unknown thing is just an unknown thing.’

If he wasn’t swayed or deceived, nothing would change. Ultimately, any attack has meaning if it touches the body. If one blocks it calmly and steadily, the chance will definitely come again.

Yoon Jong, who stood like a beautiful giant tree, said,

The pirate gritted his teeth.

“This young bastard, how dare you!”

The pirates charged at once with killing intent. There was no swinging of Yoon Jong’s sword. Now, it was firm as a mountain.

The sword split the air.

This swift sword, which seemed agile and light, appeared frivolous at first glance.

But the lightness of the sword was moving it in the right path.

The pirate in the lead swung his hand, which had a glove with three knives on it. But before he could swing it, the sword had pierced the center of the blades.

And the man was pushed back.

The moment the pirate bit his arm, which was pushed back with his teeth, and was ready to swing the blade again, the sword came through the same spot in the glove again.

At that moment, the arm holding the glove got thrown back, and the sword, too was twisted to the back.

The next swift sword.

The pirate, stabbed in the chest three times, screamed as he fell back. But the speed of Mount Hua’s sword, which was following him, was faster than his retreat speed.

Mount Hua’s swordsman flew straight in and kicked the enemy in the chest.

The pirate, bouncing back like a cannon, hit his own comrades.

The pirates, who had all fallen down because of that, were a mess. The weapons they were holding had pierced their own people.

“My leg! My leg is!”

“Who the fucking hell…!”

Jo Gul, Mount Hua’s swordsman, lightly landed on the ground and smirked.

“That is good. I envy you. To have all the time to fight….”

“Who even speaks during a fight?”

He adjusted his sharp sword and held it.

“Come at me! I am Mount Hua’s Jo Gul!”

Well, even during the fight, it was Yoon Jong who never gave him a chance to move ahead.

Bang Chung, the one who led the Great Whale Pirates, swore.

The number of pirates on board now had gone past 100. But the large number of pirates couldn’t even handle those young kids, who were less than 10 in number and were getting pushed back?

The force of their sword was no joke.

When he looked at them, their nature felt so different it was hard to believe that all of them belonged to the same sect, but what they held in common was their ridiculous strength.

Bang Chung gritted his teeth.

But they were also members of the Yangtze River families, who ruled this river. He had no intention of giving up on the victory of ruling this river.

“What are you all doing! Shoot! Shoot now!”

At the same time as those words were said, the pirates standing on the railing pulled their bows and set the bowstrings.

The bow was bent as if it would break from the internal qi.

The arrows were all released at once, and arrows that flew like rain were directed at Mount Hua’s disciples.

The disciples of Mount Hua stepped back and struck down the incoming arrows. Although no one was injured, the force which had been pushing the pirates broke down.

“Shoot! Build space!”

The pirates at the front seemed to be somewhat experienced in fighting this way, and they rushed ahead without looking. Even though arrows were flying at their backs, they seemed confident they would never be hit by their comrades.

As if in response, the archers began to prepare their bows again.

Some of the archers standing on the railing and pulling on their bows began to scream and fall down.

The sound of people falling into the water was heard one after another.

The pirates looked around in confusion, clutching their chests. It was because of a sharp, stabbing pain. When one looked down, there was a small sword, like a child’s plaything, stuck in the middle of his chest.

At that moment, the pirate lost strength in his legs and stumbled backward.

“How dare you people shoot arrows at us?”

The owner of the small sword, Tang Soso, looked angry.

“I will handle those people. Don’t worry and fight!”

“As expected of our Soso!”

In the meantime, she cut down one of the pirates rushing at her, placed her sword on the deck, and slowly put her hands into her sleeves.

She jumped up in an instant, with sharp needles moving out like rain from both hands.

The pirate, who had been on the railing and had become a highly visible target, turned into a hedgehog almost immediately and fell to the bottom of the ship.

“Why are the swordsmen suddenly throwing daggers?”

The pirates, who had no way of knowing where Tang Soso came from, couldn’t hide their shock.

“Aim for the woman in the back first! Aim for that oddly dressed woman first!”

“What, oddly dressed? These bastards!”

It was the moment when Tang Soso was throwing flames from her eyes.

Something rose quickly up and fell gracefully between the pirate crowd.

The pirates were startled and raised their heads, but all that could be seen was the expressionless female swordsman and a dozen sword forms.

Slash! Slash! Slash!

The merciless sword cut down the pirates’ vital points in an instant.

Those who grabbed their necks fell helplessly to the side.

Yu Yiseol got down on the ground and stretched out her body like a crane.

The pirates who were lucky enough to survive tried to scream but were pierced right in the chest by Yu Yiseol. It was swift, like light.

After retrieving her sword, she lightly kicked the ground and spun. At the same time, the sword qi she released swept away all the faltering enemies surrounding her.

As the tightly gathered pirates fell, a large space was created on the deck. It was as if a large scythe had been swung over a rice field at once.

The pirates couldn’t hide their confusion and began to panic.

“Well, what kind of people…”

“These people are….”

It wasn’t that they were putting in much effort or that they had amazing skills. These were warriors on an entirely different level. As they realized this, the boiling courage of the pirates was consumed by fear.

With a loud roar, the ship began to tilt.

Baek Cheon, startled, turned his head.

Before he knew it, Bang Chung was standing on the railing.

He jumped slightly and stepped on the railing hard.

The railing broke, and the ship tilted sharply to the side.

The ship rocked violently from side to side, causing the gathered passengers to move back and forth, unable to hold their ground.

Bang Chung had a triumphant smile at this.

“Hehehe! You measly bastards. I will clearly explain what it means to fight on a ship. What are you all doing! I will rock the boat, so show them an example!”

Before he could finish the word, several pirates rushed at Baek Cheon. As Baek Cheon tried to stop the ship from shaking and calm it, it rocked again. He lost his balance and almost stumbled.

Emeici daggers, aimed for the gap, flew in a straight line toward Baek Cheon’s neck with an eerie qi.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.