Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Baek Cheon gritted his teeth.

The black liquid flowed down the hand that grabbed the net. His white hands turned black in an instant, and even the cloth was soaked in poison.

“Do not breathe! It is an addictive poison!”

Tang Soso was desperately screaming. Despair and sadness were clear in her eyes.

She was the daughter of the Sichuan Tang family.

Of course, she couldn’t learn in-depth about poison in the male-dominated Sichuan Tang family. But, since she was a woman from the Sichuan Tang family, her knowledge of poison was much better than that of a normal warrior.

But she didn’t notice when the pirates used the sword.

Actually, despite the deep hate she had for herself now, this wasn’t her fault.

If everyone could practice what they have learned and apply it, the world would be full of geniuses. Although experience was needed to know what she learned, she lacked the experience in dealing with the poison that the opponents used.

Once again, the fact that she was from the Sichuan Tang family, the leaders in poison, and yet was caught off guard. Generally, for the Sichuan Tang family, poison isn’t something they use, but it is something others use on them.

“It seeps through the clothes! Raise your qi and stop it!”

“Ack! The net has thorns!”

Groans and shouts came from Mount Hua’s disciples.

They were confident about the close-up fight. They overcame the opponent in a head-on situation. But, the people they had faced so far were the ones who also attacked them head-on.

Either they fought, or they gave up and surrendered.

They absolutely lacked experience dealing with people who fought with tricks rather than strength.

Hae Yeon gritted his teeth and raised his fist.

A strong force caused the net to shake, but it was dispersed because of the many holes in the net, and it couldn’t be pushed off.

“Do not give them any chance! Stab and kill them!”

Seeing the panicked appearance of Mount Hua’s disciples, the pirates rushed in with courage. The sharp piercers, the thin spears, and the long spears were weapons perfect for stabbing through the net.

The spears and piercers continued to move through the nets.

“These bastards! Ack!”

The disciples of Mount Hua swung their swords to block the spears and moved their bodies, but the heavy net was becoming a hassle for them. Every time they tried to avoid a hit, it felt like the net was holding their entire bodies.

To make matters worse, the areas of their bodies that touched the net were turning hot, and over time, their minds were dulling.

If this continued, the outcome was inevitable.

“Jo Gul. Yoon Jong!”

Even in that desperate time, Jo Gul and Yoon Jong responded to Baek Cheon.

“Bounce the net up just once! Just once will do!”

Jo Gul and Yoon Jong exchanged looks.

“Monk Hae Yeon! Once more!”

“I understand! Ahhhh!”

Without delay, Hae Yeon extended his fist and flipped the net up.

The net, which had turned heavier due to the number of pirates on it, was unable to handle the force and fluttered. The net, which had received numerous punches from Hae Yeon, had broken here and there, forming bigger holes.

At that moment, Jo Gul and Yoon Jong put their swords on the ground and stretched their hands up.

Soon, a wave of qi was released from their hands.

Mount Hua’s Palm Arts, Bamboo Leaf Hand.

Even if it was just a basic technique, it was the Bamboo Leaf Hand, which had grown based on the Purple Cloud Divine Arts. Although it was nothing compared to Hae Yeon’s strength, it could push away the rest of the net.

Baek Cheon took a long exhale and lowered his sword.

But at that moment, Yu Yiseol hit the ground and soared high.

She twirled the sword once in her hand and threw it into the air. There was no force behind it, nor did it look strong. It wasn’t even the sword’s movement, but the surface of the blade hit the net.

She flipped her body around in the air and kicked the sword as it touched the net.

The net rose a bit higher. Those riding on top of it couldn’t withstand the shock and began to fall in all directions.

Despite the chaos, Baek Cheon remained unwavering and closed his eyes. It seemed like he believed his sahyungs and sajaes would buy him time.

Soon, Baek Cheon looked forward and slowly moved his sword.

A magnificent sunset-like qi flew into the net, drawing the shape of a half-moon.

“N-No! That is an Enhanced Sword!”

The bright sword tore the falling net in one go. He didn’t stop there and managed to split the net as many times as he could.

“My face! Ack! Great captain!”

The wind caused by the slash made the pirates scream as the poison spilled onto them.

Following Baek Cheon’s instructions, Mount Hua’s disciples formed a circle to the left and right.

Although they managed to escape, their faces weren’t elated. They had suffered injuries from the pirates’ stabbing attack. Moreover, it seemed like the area where the net had touched their skin continued to burn. Their feet felt like they were floating, and their vision was dizzying.

Tang Soso brought out the antidote from her chest pocket and gave it to her sahyungs.

“It isn’t much. This will only block the poison temporarily. We cannot detoxify it with this.”

“Where is that then?”

The disciples quickly took the pill she held out and stuffed it into their mouths. Even if Tang Soso’s martial arts were weak, she could withstand the poison due to the Tang family’s unique resistance. However, Baek Sang was looking pale, as if he might collapse at any moment.

“Sang, are you alright?”

“Do not worry about me, sahyung. If someone catches my ankles, I will bite them off.”

“Don’t talk nonsense. Nothing like that will happen.”

Baek Cheon gritted his teeth and thought,

‘This is the worst.’

He never imagined they would fall victim to such a situation. It was said that the disciples of prestigious sects had little experience fighting outside the sect and often died at the hands of the Evil Factions. Still, he thought that didn’t apply to them.

‘Was I being too arrogant?’

Mount Hua’s record until now was amazing.

But he was able to achieve all that because Chung Myung was by his side. If it wasn’t for Chung Myung, they would still be trapped inside Mount Hua, barely holding off the swords of Southern Edge.

Then what did he believe in, and what was he confident of, to step out and do everything he could with this group of people?

He could have been more careful. He had crossed the stone bridges with the awareness and directions of Chung Myung until now.

‘It is not the courage to cross without knowing what happens. It is arrogance.’

But now it was too late to regret.

The hand that was holding the net had swollen. Even though they suppressed the dizziness and took help from the detox pill, the poison was slowly spreading inside.

And with more time, they would be at a higher disadvantage.

But the problem was that they didn’t have the ability to break through the encirclement in a short time, nor could they swim without the poison spreading.

That was what they were now.

At that moment, the men who had been blocking and threatening the front parted to the left and right, and a man in a light blood-colored robe approached in droves.

Standing before Mount Hua’s disciples, he spoke with a sneer.

“Nice, young kids. Believing in the Five Swords or something that others claim I had to do.”

“The person who dies most easily in Kangho is not some unknown warrior. You are just kids who have gained fame now. Such people will think they are great.”

He knew it was a provocation.

But each word of it made its way to his bones.

“If you surrender now, your life will be spared.”

Baek Cheon’s eyes shook at that.

It’s something he wouldn’t normally want to hear, but right now, he couldn’t ignore it. This was because he wasn’t the only one who would die if he refused.

“What are you talking about, you round bastard? Are you ignorant or something?”

“Gul! Naturally, the pirates are ignorant. And making fun of people for being ignorant is not a nice thing.”

“… then do I talk about his face? He is ugly to look at.”

“Hmm. It isn’t right to criticize someone based on their appearance; just go with his personality. Because he does seem like a bastard.”

“Yes, I will do that.”

Baek Cheon was kind of shocked by the voice coming from behind and turned.

Jo Gul, with the sword draped to the side on the shoulder, and Yoon Jong, standing next to him, were grinning.

“What is with our handsome sasuk today?”

“A disciple of Mount Hua doesn’t know how to back down. Isn’t that right?”

At that time, Yu Yiseol, who had been silent till then, stepped forward and stood next to Baek Cheon. Then Baek Sang walked and aimed the sword at the great captain.

“You guys stay back.

“The Baek disciples will take the lead.”

Hae Yeon also smiled while standing next to Yu Yiseol.

“Amitabha Buddha. It isn’t the end yet, but the young masters have heavy expressions.”

“Is that so! All we have to do is destroy them!”

Tang Soso, holding her sword, shouted courageously and stood next to Baek Sang. Jo Gul and Yoon Jong stood to the left and right, with everyone lined up, having Baek Cheon in the center.

“First, I think we need to make a retreat through the cliff behind.”

“Cliff climbing is our specialty.”

“Amitabha. Even I am the same as a flying squirrel on Mount Song.”

“Monk is still far from it.”

“I agree. You have a long way to go.”

Baek Cheon shook his head while listening to them bickering among themselves.

‘These damn bastards.’

If life was at stake, then at least do something to save your life.

“Come on, you damn bastards. Let’s try dying once!”

Baek Cheon gritted his teeth.

No matter how hopeless the situation was, they must not lose themselves. In that sense, everyone here was a better warrior than him.

When Baek Cheon pointed his sword ahead, the great captain grinned. It was a smile of ridicule.

“You people are so stupid. It would be a nice fight with a healthy body, but your bodies now? What can you do with them?”

“It might seem like we are stupid. But I know one thing. There are times in life when you need to be stupid.”

“Huh! Seems like your mouths are fine.”

The great captain lifted his finger.

“Beat them to death and throw them in as fish food!”

After giving the command, he took a step back without letting his guard down. Baek Cheon bit his lip.

They were outnumbered, but compared to a kangho person, he was so cautious that he couldn’t be considered the same as Baek Cheon.

From the first time that huge man stepped ahead until he stepped back, he didn’t give a single gap to hit.

If this man had bluffed and offered to deal with them himself, maybe they would have had a chance to attack. But since he gave the task to his subordinates, they had no chance now.

‘No. This isn’t the end.’

No matter what he needed to do, open the way. And definitely send back the sajaes alive. Even if he had to die here!

“Don’t even think of speaking nonsense! I will open up the way for you.”

“I told you to stop! Follow the words of Great sahyungs!”

“No, it isn’t that!”

Baek Cheon tilted his head and looked at Jo Gul. It seemed like he was going to move or do something, but he wasn’t.

Jo Gul looked at Baek Cheon and cried.

“Sa-sasuk! I keep having these auditory hallucinations!”

“Yes. There is no way it can be. That… that guy’s voice is saying something.”

Baek Cheon’s face contorted.

‘That guy was pretending to be fine, but he is shaking now.’

So he was probably hearing the voice of that one guy he shouldn’t be hearing.

“Don’t worry. Even if I cannot do well like him, I can at least open the path. So…”

“No. I can really hear it!”

At that moment, Baek Cheon’s body flinched.

“Wait. I think I heard that too?”

“… There is someone else in the world who can make the same grumpy voice like his…?”

Mount Hua’s disciples all looked at each other. And right then.

Hearing a sound as clear as if they were struck, Mount Hua’s disciples looked back, startled by what was there. Such a salty movement.

“… What ghost is that?”

It seemed clear. In the middle of the distant Yangtze River, a small boat was rushing to them with incredible speed, making splashes around.

“YAAAHHH! YOU BASTARDS! They said you sailed on the ship, so why are you fighting on land? ACKK! SO PISSED!!!!”

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.