Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Jo Gul’s face contorted as he bit his lip tightly.

As the skilled pirates who had surrounded Chung Myung advanced, the remaining pirates rushed towards them.

“S-sahyung! There are so many of these bloody bastards! The more, the merrier!”

“It is ‘we are outnumbered,’ you idiot!”

In the meantime, Yoon Jong was yelling, clearly upset. A little bit of difficulty was evident on his face.

‘Damn it, there are too many.’

The 18 River Families and the 72 Bandits of Green Forest were both skilled and among the Shenzhou Five Sects, they were treated equally. This meant that this pirate base probably had the strength of four to five bandit groups combined.

This was just an assessment because the pirates rarely went beyond the Yangtze River since they had a geographical advantage in the water. Still, even so, it didn’t change the fact that one pirate base was equal to three bandit groups.

Mount Hua had mobilized almost all their disciples to subdue the bandit groups. Even though they were skilled, it was impossible to handle the entire pirate base with just the Five Swords, based on the skills and number of the pirates.

‘There is no use complaining about this!’

It was the moment as Yoon Jong gritted his teeth.

“Ack! What are you doing! Monk! Blow them down with one punch!”

Hae Yeon, whose face was dyed red, could be heard trying to protest at the unfair treatment.

“My internal qi isn’t endless! I cannot punch endlessly, Taoist!”

“W-what do you mean! Don’t the Shaolin people have great internal qi?”

Hae Yeon’s eyes teared up.

It seemed like they thought he was living on spiritual pills like they did.

Even though Hae Yeon was a disciple who was raised with amazing care in Shaolin, he wasn’t able to increase his internal qi by eating the Great Soul Pill. All he got was one single pill.

Even as Shaolin’s spiritual pill was withering away, he was given just one and was asked to cherish it. When he received it, he even cried at the grace shown to him. However, when he saw what was happening at Mount Hua, his dissatisfaction leaned towards Mount Song.

‘If only I was given one more pill…!’

Then he wouldn’t have had to listen to these obnoxious people’s nagging.

“That is why you should have at least given me one piece of the Violet Cloud Pill!”

“Uh! Do you want to covet our sect’s pills? I didn’t think of you like that!”

“He is drunk with greed.”

… fucking Mount Hua, bastards.

Even in such difficult times, he felt like he wanted to run from being outnumbered by them, but that was away from the Mount Hua people who were beating others to death and bullying them.

“Ahhh! Hit him quickly!”

Hae Yeon gritted his teeth and pulled out Qi to fight.

A force like a waterfall soon erupted, but this time, it definitely felt a bit disappointing compared to before. The Mount Hua disciples, who had been staring at the strength rising up like a dragon and sinking in, turned to look at Hae Yeon with confusion.

And then his gaze turned normal.

In the end, tears flowed down Hae Yeon’s eyes.

‘These Mount Hua damned people, just go to hell!’

“Close your mouth and concentrate on the fight!”

It was then that Baek Cheon swung his sword sharply and dug into the gap created by Hae Yeon. At that moment, he bit his lip.

Baek Cheon also knew that everyone was speaking so much because they couldn’t concentrate. As the situation was turning worse, they pretended to be bright and said things to cheer themselves up, trying to act like nothing happened.

Even if they were fine, it would be impossible to handle all of them. Then how dire would the situation be if they were poisoned?

They hadn’t lost the strength to fight yet, but they could feel the confusion as so many approached them.

“Be careful, sahyung!”

Baek Cheon turned his head at the sound of Yu Yiseol’s voice.

Five frighteningly sharp piercers were flying towards him simultaneously.

Baek Cheon gritted his teeth and swung his sword. Even if he couldn’t avoid them all, he had to deflect at least two or three…

He was relieved… an absolutely terrifying force came from the front.

At the same time, the pirates who were rushing at Baek Cheon flew back like leaves.

Chung Myung immediately began to drill through Baek Cheon’s ears, who was glad to see him.

“Have you all been boiling greens and eating them? What? Did you starve because the sect leader didn’t give you money? What kind of outrageous scene is this! And when you come back to the sect, don’t even think about having heaven’s father dancing on your shoulders, telling you your visit was good!”

Ah… he was going insane…

Instead of Baek Cheon, who was distraught from this nagging, Jo Gul screamed.

“There are too many of them, you bastard!”

“At best, you got outnumbered. Have you ever seen a tiger that cannot handle rabbits?”

Chung Myung clicked his tongue and turned around, shaking his sword.

Then, his eyes were filled with the sight of endless pirates wearing blue clothes and rushing in.

Uh… it was a bit much.

No, shit. It wasn’t a little, but a bit too much?

Chung Myung looked back again.

“By any chance, is the Emperor this incompetent now to not deal with pirates?”

“What insane shit are you saying now, you bastard!”

“Ahhh! Cover the ears! Ears! I didn’t hear this!”

Chung Myung tilted his head with a puzzled look.

“No, I don’t get it. No matter how many there are, does it make sense for so many to be here? It isn’t like they are being trapped here and raised.”

“These are pirates! Pirates, you bastard! Of course, the number is high!”

“… eheheh, this is the end.”

The pirates were overflowing. What happened to the world?

At that moment, a sharp piercer rushed toward Chung Myung’s face.

Chung Myung immediately struck down the piercer with the back of his hand and kicked the attacker in the groin. After catching a glimpse of the pirate who fell without a scream, Chung Myung burst into a rage.

“Come and see! If there are so many, what more can be done? Just send them down to hell!”

“D-don’t worry! I will handle it! I can fight all day!”

“That’s not it, you bastard!”

“Behind, behind! The ship!”

Chung Myung looked at where Baek Cheon was pointing with uncertainty. The pirates at the back were running to the merchant ship, largely bypassing the Mount Hua disciples.

“Why are they going to that ship? These people are no idiots. And we aren’t going to run.”

“There are civilians on board.”

“Right! The people on the ship!”

“C-civilians? I am….”

Chung Myung smiled and then said,

“Then what are you looking at! You bastards! STOPPPPP!”

“One thing after another, you bastard!”

Jo Gul and Yoon Jong desperately rushed to the merchant ship and blocked the pirates’ path. Tang Soso shouted.

“Sahyung! But there are too many of them! Are we really going there together?”

Chung Myung said, stroking his chin.

“Shall I be honest?”

“… don’t be honest, you idiot.”

“If I have to be honest.”

Chung Myung smiled brightly. Tang Soso suppressed the urge to plunge the needle in her hand into the face of Chung Myung instead of the pirates.

“To be honest, if we look at the pirates, they’re stronger than most of the Nine Great Sects. Even just one of them would be enough to challenge one of the Nine Great Sects if they were fully perfect in martial arts.”

“Then how can the seven of us overcome them without taking damage? At least have some conscience!”

“…sasuk. Can I just pull out the poison once?”

Baek Cheon sighed, pointed his sword ahead, and threatened the pirates.

“Chung Myung, this means we can win if we agree to take damage, right?”

“Yes. That was before I found out about the civilians on board. But can we let those people die?”

“…No. It isn’t absolutely possible!”

“This is why being a Justice faction sect is tiresome.”

Chung Myung shrugged his shoulders.

From a Justice faction perspective, they needed to do more calculations, but since they had started to cleverly target civilians, it could be said that the odds of winning had dropped to less than half.

What if they had joined Chung Myung in perfect condition without being poisoned?

“So there is no way?”

“Right, well, I am no scholar. If you cannot, you cannot.”

“That isn’t what I meant.”

“Done! We have no other choice but to fight.”

“No, at least let people finish speaking!”

Chung Myung shouted as if he was impatient. And everyone who saw this scene was inwardly amazed.

‘Isn’t he a trainer by now?’

‘I want to learn how he does it.’

Chung Myung gritted his teeth and snorted.

“There is no way I cannot solve something like this. I am saying we’ve prepared everything!”

“This is why I took time.”

“…You did something else on your run from Shaanxi to here?”

When everyone looked at Chung Myung with puzzled faces, only then did Chung Myung say, ‘ahem,’ and stick out his stomach.

Right, that gaze! You should be looking at me like that!

“If we cannot do it on our own, we can just bring more in!”

Baek Cheon was shocked.

“Are the sajaes and sasuks here?”

Chung Myung frowned and spoke bluntly.

“If those people could get here at this time, why would I have to put in this much effort? I could just build a place called Mount Hua and enjoy it there!”

Ah… he did plan to do that later…

“I mean, Mount Hua isn’t the only place in the world that can be used for help. Isn’t it time for them to come now?”

Chung Myung smiled and looked at the cliff.

A little while ago, he used his sword skills and sent the plum blossom sword qi all the way to the top of the cliff so they would have recognized it by now and come.

“Yah, brat! What are you doing! Are you wanting to die?”

Chung Myung shouted loudly, looking at the cliff. There was a bit of anticipation in everyone’s eyes as they looked at that place. Even the pirates who were trying to keep them in check turned their heads in shock.

‘W-who is coming from there?’

In an instant, the entire place was filled with tension.

A strange silence continued for a moment…

The pirates looked back at Chung Myung in horror. Even the disciples of Mount Hua asked Chung Myung with disappointment.

“That bastard is always like that.”

Chung Myung’s flustered eyes shook.

“Yah! You bastard! Will you not come out? Why aren’t you coming out!”

“… stop, Chung Myung. It is embarrassing.”

“When it is time to die, even if I have to die, it needs to be done gracefully. What is with you?”

Chung Myung screamed.

“Yah! Will you only come to your senses if that lung disease gets checked? Won’t you come out right away?”

Everyone’s eyes turned to the cliff at the sound of a voice. The urgent and loud shout clearly came from the top of a cliff.

On the cliff far away.

A person rushed over, grabbing his stomach and bowing.

“Heuk! Heuk! Heuk! No! What kind of person can run this fast?”

A ship was usually faster than a person could run, but it also varied from person to person.

Baek Cheon saw him and opened his mouth without realizing it.

No, why was he here?

“Green Forest King?”

Im So-Byeong straightened his back and held out a fan.

“It is a taboo to deal with pirates.”

Then he gently touched his face with a fan. Although the complexion was much better than before, his pale face was still filled with triumphant smiles.

“It would be a bit nice if we gain something right? Right, guys?”

“Nice. I’d like to taste the blood of those pirates before that guy loses his temper anymore.”

Im So-Byeong smiled crookedly and pointed ahead with the fan. At the same time, dozens of copper ropes came down the long cliff like gold ropes, marking the start of the festival.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.