Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Shells flew through the air, and a human cannonball flew in from the other side.

Chung Myung, who closed a few meters in one leap, soared above the water again.

“What? What is that thing?”

“How can a human fly?”

The pirates who were shooting opened their mouths in confusion. But there seemed to be some who remained calm among them.

“What are you doing! Shoot! Shoot him down!”

The guns targeting the ship simultaneously turned their cannons toward Chung Myung.

The White Thunder Cannon began to fire again.

Black shells rained down on Chung Myung, who was now running on water.

Chung Myung looked up at the scene and twisted his lips into a smile.

His body moved on the water, shifting irregularly here and there like falling flower petals.

The cannonballs fell on the water he passed through, and more than a dozen huge water columns rose up. The sight of water rising like pillars in an instant on the Yangtze River was a spectacle.

“Shoot! Continue shooting!”

Even though they had never seen Chung Myung before, it wasn’t difficult to guess what would happen if this guy running on water reached them safely. So, the pirates desperately fired the cannons.

“What! Why did those bastards pack so much gunpowder? Do all the officials sleep?”

Chung Myung didn’t particularly agree with the government’s position. Since he was the one dealing with the cannons now, he was upset with them.

But he had no time to curse the officials at the moment. The cannons continued to fly.

Chung Myung’s face contorted as he sped up and rushed ahead.

But even for him, running constantly on the water was not an easy task.

Baek Cheon’s voice rang loudly behind him. Chung Myung rose from the surface without a second thought.

Eventually, he stepped onto the wooden planks, which flew in from behind and moved ahead. The eyes of Chung Myung shone as the shells continued to come.

His body, spinning in the air, shot forward.

Kicking the cannon balls away, he moved at the speed of a flash.

The attacking pirates were all shocked.

Running on the water was amazing in itself, but jumping between shells was even more shocking.

They couldn’t believe it when they saw it with their own eyes.

Chung Myung flew right in front of the leading ship and pulled out his sword in the air.

Soon, his sword cut through the air with a terrifying roar, and a stream of red sword qi spewed out.

Half-moon-shaped red sword Qi flew to the bottom of the ship, which was in the water.

The deck, made of hardwood, was cut down like paper.

As soon as the wood turned into pieces, the cold water of the Yangtze River began to rush into the ship.

If they jumped in with their bare bodies, they might kill themselves, but if they sank along with the ship, their lives couldn’t be guaranteed.

The pirates threw themselves into the Yangtze River without even looking back.

Chung Myung got off the bow of the lead ship and, without delay, kicked the ship and jumped towards the next one.

“Shoot at me again, you bastards!”

His long sword qi, which erupted from the swing, dug into the deck. The ship was completely pierced.

“Attack! Do not let him step onto another ship!”

As soon as Chung Myung landed on the ship that had been cut, the pirates rushed at him, screaming.

But even if the opponent were rabid, Chung Myung was worse.

Chung Myung kicked the person running in front without delay and threw him into the cabin, mumbling with blazing eyes.

Of course, Chung Myung had handled so many pirates so far.

When it came to getting him annoyed, there was none close to the Southern Edge Sect, and when it came to annoying someone, it had to be Wudang. And the ones who could provoke anger from within him would be the Ten Thousand People Clan and the Demonic Sect? Don’t even mention those last bastards!

But these bastards were giving him a different feeling from those.

“How dare these fucking Evil Faction people glare at me? I will gouge your eyes out! You bastards!”

A person hit on the chin by the handle of the sword bounced back like a ball and fell into the river.

“The Great Mount Hua’s!”

The water pierced through the thick wooden deck in the shape of a human being and disappeared into the invisible depths below.

“Plum Blossom Sword Saint!!!”

It should be alright since no one could hear him now.

Uh? There were people here too?

No, no. These people were trash, so they were just like bamboo growing in a lush forest.

Chung Myung, who suddenly let out the truth for the first time, swept across the deck like a raging storm.

“H-he is a monster!”

“R-run away! Run! Now!”

Regardless of whether they were pirates or not, it was natural that one would want to live. The pirates who lost their will to fight jumped over the railing and threw themselves into the water, not looking back.

“Where do you think you are going, you bastards! Come here!”

Chung Myung grabbed the ankle of one pirate who was diving into the water and pulled him back.

“Eikk! S-spare me! I did nothing!”

“Did this bastard leave his brain at home? Does it make sense to say you did nothing?”

Chung Myung lifted the pirate up by the ankle and then swung his arm once, slamming the pirate onto the deck.

The deck collapsed, and the ship was almost done.

Chung Myung jumped to the next ship.

“This is water arts, you bastards!”

“Ah, if you want to throw up, go over there and throw up!”

Mount Hua’s disciples shook their heads as they watched Chung Myung run around like an irritated wild boar.

Didn’t Chung Myung seem stronger than before?

If they thought about it, it was natural. That guy was originally strong, and he was the one who trained the most aggressively in Mount Hua. Baek Cheon, who had a reputation for training, had also been sick for days after trying to follow Chung Myung’s training plan. One can imagine how tough it was, right?

So, of course, he was bound to be stronger.

“Why… is his temper getting worse each day?”

“… who can know the answer to that?”

“Is Mount Hua that bad of a place to be…”

The word “rampage” felt apt for what Chung Myung was doing. The pirates looked pitiful now.

If they thought about it, this wasn’t an issue that could be solved so easily.

If they had kept their distance and the pirates continued to fire the White Thunder Cannon, they probably would have been drowning.

Those pirates were out of luck, too. Who would have dared to imagine that the guy on the ship would run across water, jump on wooden planks, step on shells, and jump into ships only to destroy them in an instant?

Those who thought normally with common sense would never be able to comprehend what just happened.

“I guess I will have to attack when they are out of their minds. Tell them to speed up!”

Im So-Byeong pointed ahead with his fan.

“Move with your core! The moment we collide, we jump over and sweep them off!”

The dignity of a strategist was evident in the sight of Im So-Byeong gently waving his fan…

“Woahh! Yah! Don’t speed up so much… kuak! Cough!”

… It couldn’t be seen.

“W-wait a moment. Getting closer now might not be a good chance…. Uh?”

At that time, Jo Seung, who was holding on to the railing, tilted his head.

“No, wait a minute…”

He looked closely at the scene ahead and spoke to Im So-Byeong.

“I think we can move.”

“Why are you saying one thing at a time? Speak up! This or that!”

“…normally, one shouldn’t approach pirates carelessly when they are in the water. Water pirates tend to feel more comfortable in the water than outside, so falling into the water doesn’t mean they are weak. If you get too close, they might make a hole under your ship.”

Im So-Byeong, who hadn’t thought of that, flinched for a moment.

“But then you are saying I can go? Aren’t you committing treason against your own?”

“Well, it isn’t like that. Look there. Aren’t they bad at controlling themselves?”

Im So-Byeong looked at the pirates who jumped off the sinking ship. There was something awkward about their splashing around.

“They haven’t learned water arts yet?”

“I cannot believe that they haven’t learned it yet. Does that make sense?”

“T-that, in a way, it is expected…”

Jo Seung gulped as he answered.

“Who is a born pirate? Usually, one either learns martial arts and then joins the pirates, or having no way to make a living, they join the pirates. And then they learn the martial arts.”

“Then, if the pirates were brought in recently, it isn’t strange for them to not swim right?”

“Yes! They probably aren’t pirates who moved here originally. There is a high chance they are newly brought in.”

Jo Seung’s face was quite desperate.

He didn’t know if the intention was to deny ties with those people or prevent the ties between Mount Hua and the pirates from worsening further.

Im So-Byeong nodded.

“Well, it isn’t something I care about, and anyway, it means there is no problem getting close, right? That is enough, then. Everyone, move on at full speed!”

The ship carrying the Mount Hua disciples and the bandit moved ahead swiftly.

The pirates’ ship, thrown into confusion by a single man, wasn’t aware of the ships approaching them, only realizing it later when they reached close to one another.

“It is crashing in!”

The large crash horn attached to the front of the ship hit the side of the pirate ship.

The ship hit on the side, tilted as if it was going to turn over, and got pushed away. However, the arrowhead-shaped horn, which pierced the side, held the hull tightly and didn’t let go.

The bandits threw the hook chains they had captured from the pirate base and tied them tightly together.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

The Mount Hua disciples drew their swords and rushed at once.

“Let’s go! Let us handle the pirates first!”

The disciples of the famous sect, the Mount Hua sect, took the lead, followed by the bandits of Green Forest. If one looked at this combination, they would find it strange but strong at the same time.

Mount Hua’s disciples jumped between the ships and moved to the pirates’ ship, swinging their sharp swords to cut down the pirates in an instant.

Baek Cheon struck down a pirate who was confused and counterattacked with a single blow to the chest. And he let out this roar filled with strength. No, he wanted to scream.

“Ohh, it is because of you that we almost died!”

“Do you know what happened because of you?”

“We almost died! You fucking pirates!”

Guys? Their purpose in fighting seemed a bit strange now?

“Skin them and throw them in!”

Baek Cheon looked at the Mount Hua disciples with blank looks, who were leading the bandits and rushing ahead.

Hahah. Right, who cared even?

Just fight well; that should do.

“Throw them all down!”

Baek Cheon also joined in the strange sight without any regrets.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.