Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The sound of a severed head hitting the sandbank was eerie.

It wasn’t loud, but it lingered among those fighting on the land.

The captain was dead.

And it wasn’t at the hands of the guy jumping onto the ships earlier, but someone else. The implications of that fact were clear.

‘Damn it, I didn’t want this to happen.’

Basically, the people in such places who existed to plunder were either from the mountains or the water, people with poor skills, people who didn’t fit elsewhere, or people who committed a crime and ran away.

They had no loyalty to those around them, so they had no will to fight if their captain was dead. Only fear and confusion spread around.

The pirates’ eyes were filled with desperation and despair.

Sensing the atmosphere was right, Chung Myung smiled and stepped forward.

“Drop your weapons. Whoever surrenders will be spared.”

Chung Myung opened his eyes and looked around.

Before he knew it, Baek Cheon stepped forward and shouted.

“Those who resist should be prepared to sacrifice their lives! I will not warn you twice! Drop the weapons!”

The pirates trembled at the solemn, scolding voice and looked at each other.

Actually, the death of the captain was merely symbolic. Regardless of whether he was alive or dead, the outcome had already been decided. The odds of them winning were non-existent in the first place.

When they realized this, they quickly threw away their weapons and fell flat on the floor.

“What? You want to spare them again?”

“Just kill them! What good will living with these bastards even do!”

Then, a strange situation occurred where the bandits complained for the pirates to be killed.

If it were Chung Myung, he would have scolded the bandits first, but Baek Cheon was a person who knew basic manners to help them.

“I want to avoid unnecessary killing.”

“Hmm… well, you are a Taoist after all.”

The bandits nodded in agreement.

In the first place, they were simply there to provide support. They hadn’t achieved anything significant enough to order him around. As for the previous happenings, it was almost all due to Chung Myung.

“Drop the weapons, you bastards!”

“What? Is that guy rebelling?”

Most surrendered right away, but some fought till the end.

If it had been Mount Hua’s disciples who had surrounded them, they might have tried to subdue them without killing them. But now, it was the bandits who surrounded them. There was no way they would show mercy to those who had wanted to kill them just moments ago.

In an instant, those who were pierced by the sword fell down, screaming to their deaths. Only after seeing that scene did those who held onto their weapons until the end hurriedly surrender.

Baek Cheon’s mouth hardened as he saw the scene.

Really, it was so simple.

It had certainly been difficult for them, but from the time Chung Myung arrived, it was cleared in less than a day.

‘It is so frustrating.’

Such an incredibly simple task…

No, actually, if they thought about it calmly, it wasn’t a simple matter. If all of this had been simple, would there have been any reason for the Nine Great Sects to sit back and watch?

It was all going backward.

This wasn’t a simple matter but was handled simply because of Chung Myung.

Looking back, what they experienced was all difficult and tough.

Fighting with Southern Edge ties with the Sichuan Tang family, visiting the Beast Palace, and fighting the Demonic Sect in the North Sea.

‘We were able to do it because of him.’

He thought he had understood it already. But, looking back, Baek Cheon and the other Mount Hua disciples just focused on the strength aspect of Chung Myung and not his resourcefulness.

“Why do you look so sullen?”

Baek Cheon turned at the sound he heard. Chung Myung was looking at him, puzzled.

When Baek Cheon hesitantly answered, Chung Myung secretly chuckled.

‘He must have felt it.’

Developing skills was a good thing, and it was more important than anything else.

However, the most important thing in practice was to create a situation where they could fully demonstrate the skills they developed. The Five Swords’ biggest mistake this time wasn’t coming to Yangtze, nor was it moving hastily and giving the enemies the victory.

It was being dragged into a situation where they couldn’t demonstrate their skills.

‘And this was my mistake too.’

As Chung Myung watched this situation, he keenly felt the meaning of Hyun Jong’s words.

The existence of Chung Myung was a great fortune for them, but on the other hand, it was also a huge obstacle for them.

-No, you moron! If you have an idea, say it and move! Or at least use your common sense. That is why you always move alone and stab around! If you go insane every time something happens, what happens to the person following you?

-You are too noisy, brat!

Tang Bo also grumbled in such times.

Even Tang Bo, who was an elder in the Tang family, found it tough to follow Chung Myung through the battlefield. Then how bad was it for the Mount Hua disciples, whose skills weren’t even on par with Tang Bo’s, much less their lesser experience?

Learning only had meaning when one understood it. If they were dragged around without understanding, they would not learn and develop understanding.

First of all, finding and confirming the enemy and finding the optimal method for the situation on the scene was a favorite for Chung Myung. Baek Cheon also saw and felt things in his own manner, but unfortunately, Baek Cheon and the other Five Swords are not Chung Myung.

This was what happened when one imitated Chung Myung’s method of finding the flow while fighting numerous battles in the head.

The situation would have been much better if Baek Cheon had been as careful as he usually was. This time, he moved with motivation, causing anger.

Since Chung Myung knew the entire process, he didn’t blame the Five Swords.

‘Failure is painful, but… in the end, we benefit.’

As long as one survived and didn’t die, all experiences became assets. This failure would become their trainer for a better future.

And for them, it was a necessary failure.

‘Because from now on, they will have to lead and fight.’

Chung Myung’s eyes were sharp.

Until now, they had been able to fight on their own. But from now on, the scale of battles they will experience will grow larger. There will be more instances of them leading others to fight in places where Chung Myung isn’t present.

If they had failed too late, the damage would have been too great. They were fortunate to have been able to experience and reflect on it in advance.

“Everything must end right now. It isn’t fully done, right?”

Baek Cheon, who was staring at Chung Myung, nodded.

Then he looked back at the sinkhole in the back and said,

“We need to finish cleaning up.”

He gathered the disciples of Mount Hua right then.

“First, rescue the civilians caught in the ditch there. There might be people whose bodies are exhausted. Help them, Soso.”

“And check to see if the missing disciple of the Ghost Clan is here. Some might have been taken as prisoners. Baek Sang, interrogate the pirates to see if there are any hostages around.”

“I understand, sahyung.”

Baek Cheon nodded at the quick response.

Always producing results that exceeded their abilities. At some point, it seemed like he started to believe the results were all his own doing.

He pretended to be humble, but he wasn’t really humble.

“The biggest mistake isn’t losing or making mistakes. It is not learning from the defeats and mistakes.”

“I will reflect on them myself. So, don’t forget what you all have learned from this, and keep it in mind.”

As the sajaes nodded with serious eyes, Baek Cheon had a faint smile.

“Ugh, pretending to be cool?”

Because of a grumpy voice that came from behind, the seriousness faded fast.

After swimming for a long time until the island was barely visible, the Black-Haired Ghost walked to the land.

The island they left was barely visible now.

“The battle has ended, right?”

One of the subordinates who followed him glanced behind and asked.

“Then, surely the captain must have died too.”

The Black-Haired Ghost wiped his drenched face with his sleeve and smiled.

“That idiot. He probably didn’t even have any doubts till the end.”

“How could he have suspected anything? Isn’t it true that we brought those expensive cannons and ships to offer them?”

“… that is a shame though.”

White Thunder cannons and ships were things that couldn’t be purchased with money alone. It was such a waste that those things sank to the bottom now.

But it didn’t matter. Because they weren’t even his, to begin with.

“I didn’t know. But this was bound to happen.”

Black-Haired Ghost clicked his tongue and shook his head.

When he thought about what went into making that pirate group, it was like pouring raw pigs into the place. It was difficult for him to understand what this was.

“I just need to get paid for the services.”

Hearing a voice other than his subordinate, Black-Haired Ghost suddenly turned his head. A person was walking out from the forest around the river.

Black-Haired Ghost, who was looking with slightly wary eyes, opened his mouth quietly.

“There was no need for you to come here to meet…”

“I came here because it seemed like things were moving more quickly than I thought.”

“There is nothing to worry about. I have done as instructed.”

The scholar-like man, who was facing the Black-Haired Ghost, nodded with a cold face.

“Do you need confirmation?”

“Is there any need for it?”

He took something out of his sleeve and held it out to the Black-Haired Ghost.

The Black-Haired Ghost took the paper the man held out.

“It is a confirmed paper issued by the Finance Hall. I sent the money to the place you specified. If one combines it with the advance payment I gave earlier, it will be the exact amount promised.”

Nodding his head, the Black-Haired Ghost took the paper and folded it.

“You can handle it yourself.”

“You don’t know what will happen in this world, right? A fool like me has no choice but to be careful about everything. I hope you understand.”

“It isn’t that I don’t understand. Like you said, one has to be careful in everything.”

The man nodded slightly and continued to speak.

“Then our deal is done.”

“What is your plan now?”

“As promised, I will wash my hands and not set foot in Kangho. I plan to take my money and go to a faraway land or spend the rest of my life in a suitable place.”

“People might not believe that, but it is better to be sure of things.”

“Which is why I came to you.”

A faint smile appeared on the lips of the Black-Haired Ghost.

“It is no use deceiving people like that, but I think I received too much money.”

“It was well worth it.”

“Maybe… can I ask why you did this?”

The handsome-looking man put his finger on his lip.

“Your mouth invites danger. There are some things in the world better not known.”

“… I will forget it. No, I forgot it.”

“Right. Well, then, you had a rough time. Good luck.”

It was at that moment,

Dozens of rain drops poured down at incredible speed from the forest, where the men came out and landed on the necks of those standing.

Those shocked at this clutched their necks and fell to the ground.

The Black-Haired Ghost looked down at his chest with a shocked look. His chest also had a short hole in it, caused by a dagger that hit him.

He slowly raised his head to see the man in front of him and opened his mouth in a trembling voice.

“Didn’t I tell you?”

The man spoke in an emotionless style.

“It is better to be certain in everything. But is there any reason for me to leave you alone?”

“It is different from that. Of course, I don’t doubt you. I sent the money, too. And you don’t have to worry about your family getting it either. I promise on my name to not touch them. Your family gets to live a comfortable life.”

The Black-Haired Ghost fell to the ground. He knelt down and took deep breaths.

“That is because this is much more important than you think. No one should know. Right, no one. The cost isn’t as bad as I feared. If you think about the price of a life, that is.”

As the man fell, the handsome man spoke.

“Cut off the head and bury the bodies separately, and throw the body into the river.”

“Yes, military head!”

Ho Ga-Myung of the Ten Thousand People clan made a slightly complicated look at the distant island.

Soon, a smile fell on his lips.

“Once the seeds are sown, harvest it. Thanks to Mount Hua, things will get a lot easier now.”

Ho Ga-Myung turned around.

“Let us head back before we get caught. Hurry up!”

A moment passed as such.

There were no traces left on the riverside.

Only the river continued to flow.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.