Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

White smoke continued to flow from the small incense burner. As a result, the room was filled with pure white smoke, so much so that one couldn’t even see what was ahead.

There was a slow, drowsy breathing sound and a strong smell of alcohol.

A strange atmosphere that didn’t seem to belong to the dimly lit room.

At that moment, determined footsteps, which also didn’t match the atmosphere, were heard from the outside, and then a short, cold voice came through the door.

“Clan leader. I have returned after completing the mission.”

The person who had been waiting and remaining silent for a long time gave a brief command.

“But the clan leader is….”

When the lightly closed door opened wide, the pure white smoke that filled the room rushed out.

Ho Ga-Myung slightly frowned at the scent, which irritated the tip of his nose.

After the smoke cleared a bit, he saw several people sleeping in the room, all spread out in different directions. Amid the spilled alcohol and unconscious people, a small brazier continued to give out smoke.

And in the center, on top of a large golden chair, which was somewhat unnaturally placed, was a person he knew very well, asleep.

Those who were lying down didn’t even move, as if they hadn’t heard his words.

“Let’s see if you still sleep after the head falls off.”

One by one, they looked up and saw Ho Ga-Myung standing in front of the door, and they turned thoughtful with fear.

They all hurriedly got up, scared, and rushed out. As they desperately tried to move their drowsy bodies, barely sobering up, they rolled on the ground, tangled with one another. It was a mess.

After seeing them rush out of the room, Ho Ga-Myung sighed and ordered,

“Clean the furnace.”

Those who followed him entered the room and carefully carried the furnace out.

Then, as if he had done this numerous times before, he cleared the floor and opened the window to provide ventilation.

As soon as Ho Ga-Myung finished speaking, they all bowed deeply and left the room in perfect order.

Finally, Ho Ga-Myung came inside and stood in front of the golden throne.

Jang Ilso, who was lying on the gold bed-like chair, looked up softly and slowly raised his head. Then he frowned and looked around.

“It is cold. Close the door.”

Jang Ilso covered his body with the blanket cleanly. A deep sigh escaped from Ho Ga-Myung’s mouth.

“Clan leader, if you keep doing this in broad daylight, your dignity as clan leader will not be maintained.”

“… You start nagging the moment you arrive.”

“You talk like you don’t know me. I hate being bored. Even though I know I have to wait, I don’t like waiting.”

“You need to wake up.”

Jang Ilso stopped babbling, pulled the blanket aside, and sat up as if sleeping was no longer an option with Ho Ga-Myung around.

Then, the servants waiting outside began to step in cautiously. The first servant who came in carefully offered a drink with both hands, and Jang Ilso took it to his mouth.

“You cannot be too absorbed in dreaming.”

“I am not saying this out of concern for the clan leader. What can that smoke even do to the clan leader? But the other kids are different.”

“Fine, okay? You are just nagging me more and more.”

Jang Ilso waved his hand as if in disgust.

Then Ho Ga-Myung lowered his head as if he felt bad.

In the meantime, the servants stood by the side of Jang Ilso and diligently groomed him. They soaked the silk in clean water from the basin, wiped Jang Ilso’s face, and combed his disheveled hair.

The servants then began to wipe his eyelids with silk.

“It hurts. Be careful.”

“C-clan leader! I-I-I am sorry…”

At that moment, as the servant’s face turned pale and their body trembled, Jang Ilso sighed as if he were shocked.

“Why are you shaking so much? Why? Is something going to eat you?”

“I-I made a grave mistake! Forgive me just this once…”

Jang Ilso sighed heavily and shook his head.

“I don’t get why the newly selected people get sent here with the wrong information. It’s like clearing the throat also calls for a war here.”

“What could they have heard? They must have heard what it was.”

“Then how can you be scared? Kid, I am a caring person.”

“Yes! Yes, clan leader. Thank you…”

Jang Ilso smiled lightly and patted the head of the servant, who was shedding tears of joy at being alive. Then he slowly opened his arms. The servants waiting behind took off the white robe he was wearing.

Ho Ga-Myung looked at that and let out a low breath.

A truly perfect body.

There was no other way to explain Jang Ilso’s bare body, which they rarely saw because it was covered in layers of silk clothing; other than that, it was perfect.

The slightly thin body was harmonious as if someone had sculpted it, and the solid muscles built into the body without traces of fat impressed Ho Ga-Myung, who had seen countless warriors. No matter how many times he saw this, he always thought it was amazing.

But unfortunately, no one who sees this body for the first time would pay attention to such things. No, they wouldn’t even be interested in seeing it.

Before that, their eyes would be drawn to the scars perfectly placed on the body.

At first glance, it looked like dozens of black snakes were entangled together, covered in scars. Scars that resembled the dents or claws of an animal. Scars from being pierced by something sharp. That was all. Cut by the sword, by the blade, torn by hand…

Every type of scar that could exist in the world was now on his body.

Jang Ilso, whose body bore scars that looked like intentional tattoos, blinked his drowsy eyes and looked at Ho Ga-Myung.

The pressure was so intense that Ho Ga-Myung, who had served the man for over ten years, stopped breathing for a moment.

The true face of Jang Ilso, the Hegemony Lord, was hidden behind the gorgeous silk clothes.

The thorny path that Jang Ilso had walked until now was engraved on his body like scars. This was the path taken by him, who won his name with his bare hands, without any background or people to help, established the Ten Thousand People Clan, and elevated the clan to a member of the Five Sects.

After gently wiping Jang Ilso’s body, the servants began to dress him.

He wore a blood-red robe embroidered with a golden dragon and placed a gold crown on top of his head. Then, he wore jewelry on both wrists and fingers. Finally, after applying the red lip tint, the look of Jang Ilso, the lord whom Ho Ga-Myung was familiar with, was complete.

Jang Ilso, reclining on the bed in his fancy attire, looked at Ho Ga-Myung.

“So. What happened?”

“Mount Hua destroyed one pirate group.”

Jang Ilso lightly covered his mouth with one hand and began to giggle.

“Those kids are so hot-tempered. I knew this would happen, but not this fast.”

“Thanks to that, the work is pushed forward. Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon destroyed the Great Whale Pirates and also eliminated the Black-Haired Ghost.”

“Something a little different than expected happened. It seemed like Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon didn’t bring the Mount Hua disciples but the Green Forest Bandits.”

“Oh my, just what does that guy eat?”

Jang Ilso, who guessed what was going on with just a few words, shook his head.

“It seems like he ate some poisonous snake; surely it has to be that. If we handle such a man wrongly, even we will get bitten. Hmm, fine, whatever. And the end?”

When Jang Ilso clicked his tongue and held out his hand, the waiting servant handed him a glass filled with alcohol. He clicked his tongue as if upset, shook his head, and sighed lightly.

“Hmm. A shame. Did you send enough money to the family?”

“We have enough for the family to live for the rest of their lives.”

“That’s a good thing.”

Jang Ilso, who took a sip, had his lips twitch.

“In reality, a person’s life is worth less than a penny. But since he gave up his life in exchange for a thousand coins, it wouldn’t be unfair, right?”

“Of course, clan leader.”

“If a rumor spreads of the family having money, flies might flock there, so send some kids to handle it.”

Ho Ga-Myung slightly bowed his head and answered.

This was Jang Ilso’s method.

He didn’t consider it a big deal to sacrifice someone for his own purposes. But the price was too high, monetarily. And when he thought he had finished calculating, he completely forgot that fact.

All thoughts of those who sacrificed their lives for his plan must have disappeared from Jang Ilso’s mind at that moment. Because he didn’t look back on the past.

“Faster than expected, but neater than expected. Nice. This is what Mount Hua is like. Hahaha!”

Jang Ilso, who was laughing as if it were fun, suddenly stood up straight.

“Send the message we prepared!”

“Will it be done right away? I think we should wait a little longer.”

“Yes, alcohol definitely gets more expensive as it ages. But sometimes, if you overcook it, it loses the fresh taste. There is a right time for everything.”

Jang Ilso slowly traced his lips with the tip of his finger.

“What little time there is will be filled by the time they arrive. Now is the time.”

Jang Ilso’s eyes shone brightly, like a lamp blown by the wind.

“I have waited for so long. For a long time… for this moment. I was so sick of waiting.”

The sound of him gritting his teeth could be heard from his red lips.

Nothing pained him more than waiting. But despite this, he was a person who could endure more deeply than anyone else in the world.

If he didn’t get what he wanted due to a moment’s impatience, the pain of waiting would become even more unbearable. Jang Ilso was a person who hated waiting, but he was also one who needed to get what he wanted.

The time had come to end this long wait.

“Thanks to Mount Hua, the plan has been delayed by 10 years. How could I not be petty about it? That is how it should be. That way, I will feel rewarded for spitting out the bastard that got caught in my stomach and pulling him out! Hahahaha!”

His insane laughter echoed through the palace.

It was more bizarre and strange than the jingling sound from the jewelry he had on his body.

A faint smile appeared on Ho Ga-Myung’s lips as he saw this.

‘The world won’t even know.’

No, even if they did know, it didn’t matter.

Even a huge fire that burned the mountain for days or months started from a small ember. Just throwing that ember into the dry bushes could set the entire mountain on fire.

Once a fire started, the important thing was to put it out, not who started it.

It was time for the fire to catch soon.

The bush called Kanho was so dry that even a small spark could bring it to flame.

“We will implement the following plan.”

Jang Ilso’s eyes shone strangely.

“Ga-Myung, Ga-Myung.”

“What is Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon doing now?”

“… He is stuck on that island and cannot come out.”

“Keep an eye on him.”

Ho Ga-Myung raised his head at the unexpected words and looked at Jang Ilso to discern his intentions.

“We don’t know what he might do. Don’t miss a thing because things might go wrong because of him.”

A strange light was shining in Ho Ga-Myung’s eyes.

‘Isn’t this the end of Mount Hua’s role?’

They had left them alone since they had a role to play, and now that their task was done, they had nothing more to do. Then why was Jang Ilso concerned about it?

A person who never looked back on the past.

For Jang Ilso, Mount Hua was… no, did this mean that the role of Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon didn’t end here?

“… I will do so, clan leader.”

“Good. Then, shall we go see the flowers today?”

Jang Ilso got up from his seat and walked away humming. Ho Ga-Myung’s eyes, watching him, were dark.

He was too small to fully imagine the picture this giant would paint.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.