Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“The Water Dragon Pirates were attacked by Shaolin. I received word that Captain Sima has abandoned the pirates and is on the run!”

“It is said that the Wudang are advancing towards the Blue Wind Pirates! They have requested support.”

“The Namgung family head is moving to the North! W-we need to figure out something….”

A middle-aged man seated on a black throne looked down at the whole scene.

The throne he sat on was so black it felt like it could swallow you whole. His clothes were all black, and even his long beard and rough-growing hair were nearly as dark.

But what most resembled the color of darkness were his eyes. Those dark eyes stared at those waiting.

“Huh, Black Dragon King!”

Hearing the cry, the man’s eyebrows twitched.

The Yangtze River’s 18 Families dominated the river, and that was a supreme name that only one person who controlled the pirates could have.

No matter how strong the 18 River Families were, if they were caught between the Nine Great Sects and the Heavenly Friends Alliance, they were insignificant.

Shaolin and Wudang of the Nine Great Sects, the Namgung family of the Five Great Families, and even the Sichuan Tang of the Heavenly Friends Alliance could match up alone with the 18 River Families.

How could the 18 River Families of the Yangtze fight against such forces alone?

Considering that even the sects that had yet to join would inevitably do so, it was as if more than half the sects in the world were flocking to the Yangtze River.

“Yes, Black Dragon King.”

Everyone fell silent at the words of the Black Dragon King.

“I guess you didn’t mean to say that you people only have mouths and no solutions.”

“Come up with a solution.”

Those who were thinking glanced at each other.

This was like a bell tied around a cat’s neck. Even if they knew the answer, they didn’t dare to honestly speak to the Black Dragon King.

The Black Dragon King’s voice turned harsh.

“Normally, pirates run their mouths, but when it is time to open them, you close them. In that case, it can be said that both the mouth and head are useless.”

The faces of those thinking turned pale.

Could the Black Dragon King be anything else?

He was a man who wouldn’t even bat an eye if everyone there had their heads cut off.

In the end, one of them, unable to handle the pressure, cautiously opened his mouth.

“I am sorry to tell you…”

“… there is a saying that one should avoid the falling rain. They say they are attacking the Yangtze River now… this is a subjugation. Considering where they are based, they wouldn’t be able to stay long in Yangtze.”

“We take refuge, order the subordinates to leave the Yangtze River and take shelter, and then return when the rain stops…”

The person speaking fell with blood dripping from him.

But no one even looked in that direction. They simply bowed their heads, praying the wrath wouldn’t come to them.

The Black Dragon King, who had reduced a person to dead flesh with one gesture, stood up from the throne.

“You bastards are so good at saying such things! What? Abandon the Yangtze River and take refuge?! I! Are you saying that I, the Dragon of the River, should run from the bastards of the Justice faction? Me!?”

Everyone held their breath at the roar.

“Think who you are speaking to again! Say it again!”

It was said that when the dragon of the Yangtze River became angry, the Yangtze River became engulfed in a storm. The Black Dragon King’s anger was enough to cover their base with killing intent, if not the Yangtze River.

“B-Black Dragon King. Even if one is a tiger, the king of the living, one cannot handle a pack of wolves attacking and biting. If the crocodiles come in droves to bite, wouldn’t it be wise to run for now?”

But this time, too, the person who spoke the idiom fell, blood leaking from his body.

“You idiots! How can you compare it to something like that? I am a dragon who doesn’t have to care about a crocodile!”

If one didn’t speak, their head would fall. If they did, they would be killed.

The reason why a treacherous person was placed next to a tyrant was simple. If one could not say something that suited the tyrant’s tastes, they would run.

Of course, if one looked at history, there were people who put their names on the line to rebuke tyrants. But it was unlikely that someone with such skill would come into a pirate group.

Normally, they would have said sweet things to his ears, but they couldn’t even find the right words now.

‘Damn it, if this continues, we will all be in danger.’

‘Dying at the hands of the Black Dragon King or dying at the hands of Shaolin are the same!’

“Are those proud pirates of the Yangtze River just planning to run away without even fighting? You cowards!”

Anger radiated from the eyes of the Black Dragon King.

“It is better to fight and die proudly than to run away and save your life! That is what those who bear the name of the Yangtze River 18 Families must do!”

Those who were lamenting sighed without being noticed.

They all knew. The truth was that all the words the Black Dragon King was saying now were nothing more than bravado.

If the Black Dragon King had really been reckless enough to stand against the Justice faction sects without care and save his pride, he would have already turned into a cold corpse at the bottom of the Yangtze River even before he became the Black Dragon King.

In the world of the Evil Faction, surviving might be possible with strength alone, but in this place where all kinds of plans ran rampant, one needed to use their brains to rise to the top. So, in the end, it meant that the Black Dragon King was by no means a stupid man.

Nevertheless, the reason he continued to speak such nonsense was to avoid losing pride by making excuses.

At least he tried to fight back. But he had no choice but to look at his subordinates, blocking him with tears and retreat. And to leave with those words.

This obvious play wouldn’t end until most of them were beaten to death. Even though they knew that, they all played along.

“Who will it be? The one who says we should run? I will make it clear to you that the only way to escape from this river is to become a corpse! I will be at the forefront. Still, is there anyone who wants to talk about retreat?”

It was a situation where all they could do was sigh.

Even while this was happening, the pirates were being attacked. If they were aiming for a fight, they had to at least let one pirate troop survive.

If they didn’t, as soon as the Justice Faction left the Yangtze River, the Evil Faction would come behind their backs to feed on them.

It was just as they were about to open their mouths to play along.

“How dare you involve yourself here?”

There was a loud commotion at the entrance of the pirates. Those who were bowing down looked back in shock.

‘Justice Faction people?’

‘They came this far already?’

Fortunately, it wasn’t them. No matter how they looked at the entrance, it wasn’t Justice faction people.

The cold-looking man in the lead had his lips twitching as he said.

“There is no such thing as threatening a messenger. You couldn’t possibly be ignorant of such things, right?”

The Black Dragon King, who had been watching quietly, frowned and asked loudly.

Then, one of the subordinates approached him and said.

“… he says he wants to see the Black Dragon King.”

“Hmm? Who are they?”

The Black Dragon King’s eyes cooled when he heard who they were.

As soon as the pirates cleared, 5-6 envoys confidently walked inside. Then, they came up to the Black Dragon King, and all got down on one knee.

“I greet the Black Dragon King.”

“So polite… I see a precious sight.”

The Black Dragon King spoke with a sneer.

“I guess you thought about coming all the way here. Let us see what you wanted so badly to risk your life.”

The man kneeling at the front took out a sealed letter from his sleeve and held it out.

“This is the letter the clan leader told me to deliver.”

As the Black Dragon King just looked at the scene in silence, one of those who was down lamenting brought the letter and handed it to him.

The Black Dragon King broke the seal on the letter and began to read it.

It didn’t seem to be a long letter, but the Black Dragon King’s expression changed several times in that short time.

The Black Dragon King finally opened his eyes and frowned. At the same time, the letter in his hand began to burn brightly.

“Do you know what is written here?”

“Then do you know that the contents of the letter cannot guarantee your lives?”

“Then what courage do you have to come to me with such a letter? Fucking pigs!”

The Black Dragon King’s killing intent exploded.

Due to the enormous amount of killing intent, the bodies of those who brought the letter were drenched in cold sweat.

“Speak. Is delivering this letter more important than your lives?”

“That… I don’t know.”

“Then why did you come?”

The one in the lead spoke, gritting through his teeth.

“…If the clan leader commands me, I will go, even if it is to hell. So what is there to be afraid of?”

At that moment, the killing intent falling upon them vanished.

The Black Dragon King stood up and smiled, looking to the far south.

“Jang Ilso. Jang Ilso….”

“That brat in Guangxi has surely grown a lot. How dare he call me?”

“Black Dragon King?”

Black Dragon King looked back at the subordinates who were watching without understanding what was happening and scolded them.

“Yes! Black Dragon King!”

“Tell each of them that they will avoid fighting for a while and live for themselves.”

“Look elsewhere. What did that sly bastard prepare for us?”

Black Dragon King walked without hesitation, waving the black cloak.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.