Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Thank you, clan leader.”

Ho Ga-Myung smiled as he saw Jang Ilso lightly nodding his head.

“No, I guess I will have to call you Alliance leader now.”

“What are you doing with that face! Forget it.”

Jang Ilso waved his hand shyly, saying he hated grandiose titles, but Ho Ga-Myung still had a smile on his face.

Jang Ilso walked leisurely and climbed into a four-horse carriage tied to four white horses. The carriage, decorated extravagantly as expected for him, was as luxurious on the inside as it was on the outside.

As Jang Ilso got into the carriage, Ho Ga-Myung looked around and followed him. As soon as the two got into the carriage, the horses started galloping away.

He opened his mouth with a flushed face.

“Fortunately, it doesn’t seem like there were any major problems.”

“How can one be that lucky?”

Ho Ga-Myung knew just how much Jang Ilso worked to create this plan.

The effort put in over that long time had finally paid off.

“This is just one step.”

But Jang Ilso waved his hand covered in ornaments and said,

“On the outside, they lower their heads and pretend to agree, but there is no way those snakes will follow me that politely. On the inside, they are only planning to put me and the Ten Thousand People clan to the front to pursue their own interests.”

That’s what it meant to be an Alliance leader.

The position of the leader of an alliance, which had already been created, was a position where power and strength could be gained simultaneously, and it left a huge mark. On the other hand, if one was a first-time alliance leader, one would lose money alone.

In order to maintain the alliance, everyone wouldn’t bend their position during the inception. In the end, it was clear that everyone would have to bear the loss.

The fact that they stepped forward to become the Alliance leader over the others was a sign of shame. If they had supported each other, everyone would have waved their hands.

This position of union was made of twisted poisonous snakes. It was obvious that if there was a moment of chance, extremely poisonous teeth would bite into their body.

“But isn’t that also what the clan leader wanted?”

“I told you before, right? If you don’t take risks, you won’t gain anything.”

Jang Ilso laughed as his mouth twisted.

“For those pigs who are full, just throw in the leftover rice to work. But a hungry wolf is never satisfied with the leftover things. Hunting involves risk at all times.”

Jang Ilso traced his lips with his index finger. His blood-red lips gave off this weird glow.

“If you want to gain something as important as life, it is natural for one to risk their life.”

Ho Ga-Myung looked at Jang Ilso with a newfound respect.

Since the war against the Demonic Sect in the past, the Evil Faction never united to form one union. The Evil Faction was reborn again after 100 years. Jang Ilso and the Ten Thousand People clan took place at its center.

Jang Ilso was the youngest and least experienced compared to the other clan leaders. It wwas a natural thing for Ho Ga-Myung, but it would never be expected by others.

But, Jang Ilso didn’t look happy even after accomplishing so many things. He just seemed calm, as if it was simply what he deserved.

Jang Ilso’s eyes were already looking at the next thing. He didn’t pay attention to what he had in hand. Jang Ilso was a person who searched for the next move before tearing off the flesh of the animal he killed.

“Thanks to the Mount Hua ones, the plan came 5 years early… no, 10 years early.”

“Do they think that I want to sincerely congratulate them for the founding of the Heavenly Friends Alliance? Hahahaha!”

Jang Ilso held his stomach and laughed.

Wasn’t it like slapping someone who wanted to cry?

Kangho was like stagnant water. No one lacked anything, yet no one risked anything.

That Heavenly Friends Alliance broke the balance of Kangho, which had been peaceful.

If things had happened according to plan, it would have taken more than 10 years. But the Heavenly Friends Alliance… no, thanks to Mount Hua, all this could be achieved at once.

“It is a truly happy and joyful thing, but… if you think back, it is dangerous. I couldn’t let go of the chance, so I moved, but I am not fully ready.”

“The more the danger, the greater the gain.”

“Right. True. As expected, Ga-Myung, you know my heart.”

He had four snakes in his stomach.

If he didn’t provide them with comfort, those snakes would bite his stomach and jump out. In that case, Jang Ilso would give up his life without hesitation.

‘I will find out soon.’

Jang Ilso’s stomach acid was melting the snakes.

“It remains to be seen who will wield it.”

Jang Ilso’s blood-red lips opened slightly, revealing pure white teeth. They were frighteningly sharp.

“Are you planning on going in person?”

“People should never forget a grudge. But that also applies to grace.”

Ho Ga-Myung looked at Jang Ilso with puzzled eyes.

“If someone has shown favor, isn’t it also natural for those who have received it to repay the favor back?”

“… you are right… then?”

“I need to pay back. I don’t know if it is enough, but I will have to pay it back.”

“Of course, it remains to be seen if they will like my gift, but in any case, it is meaningful in expressing sincerity.”

Ho Ga-Myung, seeing Jang Ilso’s smile, nodded.

Sometimes, his position as general felt meaningless.

He was unrivaled when it came to using his brains, no matter where he went, and had the confidence to shake anyone with his words. But only one person, Jang Ilso, was inscrutable to him.

However, Ho Ga-Myung didn’t feel anxious about it.

Jang Ilso was Jang Ilso. He wasn’t someone that normal people could judge.

Ho Ga-Myung glanced at Jang Ilso, who had already closed his eyes and was deep in thought. Ho Ga-Myung held his breath so as not to disturb his thoughts.

Jang Ilso closed his eyes and pressed his temples with his fingers.

It was just one step. There was still a long way to go. And the road ahead would continue to be a difficult and thorny one. Just walking would tear your flesh, and thorns would get stuck in your bones.

However, when he thought about what he would gain by walking there, Jang Ilso was able to walk with a smile, not only on a thorny path but one with fire too.

A hungry person never stopped.

And the day would never come when his hunger vanished.

Chung Myung suddenly grabbed Im So-Byeong by the collar and shook him.

“What do you mean? If your dirty bastards and vile Justice faction people gather, everyone will not care and just fight! Why aren’t they fighting! Why! I paid down the full plan!”

“Ugh! Leave me alone!”

“No! Don’t you people fight with each other and die too! What is with you!”

Baek Cheon sighed as he heard those words.

“You should say things like that where no one can hear.”

Even Baek Cheon was still unable to handle the fact that a Taoist was saying such a thing.

‘You seem like the apostle.’

Dirty bastards and the vile Justice faction? Did this guy even think before speaking?

“Cough! Cough! That… it seems like the pirates ran without care when they saw the Justice Faction!”

“Can’t they chase? Don’t the Shaolin bastards have footwork? Where are they? This guy and that guy, if they look for them, they will find them all!”

“Footwork is meaningless. They are on ships. So how do they follow?”

“Then get on a ship and chase them!”

“… then won’t the pirates attack the ship? Then what will happen?”

“What happens? What happens then? Good! The bastards are all going to fall into the water; it is a feast!”

Im So-Byeong, who looked at Chung Myung with blank eyes, helplessly turned his gaze to Baek Cheon.

Baek Cheon, unable to bear it, lowered his head.

A bandit who lived off the people was questioning the character of a disciple of a Taoist sect. Of course, it was nonsense, but the person who couldn’t refute such nonsense was Chung Myung.

“Anyway… no, leave that aside. Anyway… it seems like they abandoned the pirate base and went to the Yangtze River.”

“They couldn’t continue doing that, though?”

“Probably so… yes, since they have to find help, they will all be flocking to the Black Dragon Pirates.”

“Uh? The Black Dragon Pirates?”

Im So-Byeong nodded.

“They are the head of the 18 River Families of the Yangtze River. However, while the Green Forest is like a mountain temple for bandits, the Black Dragon Pirates serve the same for the pirate troops. The Black Dragon King is not like now, but one who considers himself to be an emperor.”

“Did he tell them to gather together then?”

“No. This is the physiology of bandits and pirates. Even if told to survive on their own, they gather where they can fight each other. I am not sure if this means to ask for help or if they simply cannot die alone.”

“… are they insane?”

“All thieves are like that. Tsk tsk, one never learns.”

Baek Cheon closed his eyes.

‘You are that thief, you!’

“Anyway, so you are saying they are gathering at the Black Dragon Pirates now?”

“I expect it to be so.”

“And Shaolin with Wudang are heading there.”

Chung Myung let go of the hand that was tightly holding Im So-Byeong’s collar and nodded.

“Then let’s go! Sasuk!”

“Hurry up and tell the Sect Leader to get the guys ready! I am going there!”

“Why? Why? If all the pirates and the Justice Faction bastards gather there, a big fight will happen!”

“… Don’t keep calling the Justice Faction bastards.”

He kept speaking like they were the Evil Faction, this bastard!

“What will people say if such a battle is taking place and we are just standing from afar? We laid all the plans in the first place, and if those eat the benefits, I cannot sleep! Don’t delay it and move!”

“So you plan to join in the battle?”

Baek Cheon asked with a serious look. When he heard the word’ battle,’ the passion for winning naturally soared. But at that moment.

“You want to look at that? Those bastards are killing each other, so why get involved?”

Chung Myung poured cold water on Baek Cheon’s burning heart.

Baek Cheon asked helplessly, his shoulders drooping.

“… You said we shouldn’t stay behind earlier?”

“It is fine to go there. People don’t even have to see it in person; all they have to know is that Mount Hua was there.”

“All you have to do is coax the beggar and tell them to spread the rumor that we fought hard. Or maybe, just prepare some people to spread it. Don’t they believe that?”

“We can spread that around as well. Hehehe.”

Seeing Im So-Byeong and Chung Myung laughing like that felt like hell.

“Prepare mooncake and alcohol in advance. I actually enjoy drinking alcohol while watching people fight!”

“Ehehehehe! I hope they all die! Hehehehe!”

Baek Cheon quietly looked up at the clear sky. It was a clear and peaceful day.

He really needed help now.

Please do something about this bastard…

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.