Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Venerable Heo Do turned his head when he heard a voice calling him. Soon, his eyebrows furrowed slightly.

People wearing black warrior robes ran towards them, followed by groups of people wearing green and blue clothes.

It was truly a strange combination, but Venerable Heo Do was able to immediately figure out their identity.

A slightly suppressed voice came from Venerable Heo Do. The only people who made such a fuss among the current sects were Mount Hua.

He ended up encountering the most annoying of them on the way to the Black Dragon Pirates.

Venerable Heo Do’s eyes shone at Heo Sanja’s question.

“There is no reason to avoid them. We did nothing wrong.”

Soon, an odd smile formed on his lips.

If he thought about it, he hadn’t seen Mount Hua in so long since the martial arts tournament. He had only heard stories of them.

‘I guess I need to check them out with my own eyes.’

Having made his decision, Venerable Heo Do spoke briefly.

“I need to meet the Mount Hua sect.”

“…. Sect leader. There is no need to do that…”

Heo Sanja was flustered and started to dissuade Venerable Heo Do.

It wasn’t because encountering Mount Hua was uncomfortable.

Because they were Justice Factions, things weren’t strictly divided into higher and lower sects like other sects. Still, implicitly, the levels were naturally divided.

The reputation and skills of Wudang were incomparably higher than those of Mount Hua. If they followed the logic, they shouldn’t approach Mount Hua, but Mount Hua should come to them. If Venerable Heo Do had spoken first, he might have put more weight on Mount Hua’s shoulders for no reason.

Venerable Heo Do, who must have guessed Heo Sanja’s thoughts, spoke with a disapproving look.

“Are you still obsessed with that?”

“… Sect leader, still….”

“It has become something of a useless, vain act. What matters is what you get.”

When it was said like this, Heo Sanja finally, reluctantly, nodded.

Now that Venerable Heo Do had decided, further discussion would be a waste.

When Venerable Heo Do changed direction, the disciples of the Wudang Sect who followed him headed towards Mount Hua.

Meanwhile, Hyun Jong, observing the scene, groaned inwardly.

The qi emitted by the best of Wudang took his breath away.

These were people who had been through actual combat. Although he wasn’t actively releasing qi, the heavy atmosphere made it natural to think so.

“They are coming this way, Sect Leader.”

Hyun Jong gulped and watched them.

In the past, he might not have had the courage to face the Wudang Sect leader. But just as the current Mount Hua was different from the past, his position wasn’t the same as before.

It was time to show a proud demeanor as the Sect Leader of Mount Hua and the Heavenly Friends Alliance.

Hyun Jong’s back was soaked with cold sweat.

His position had changed, but it was clear that the way they treated Hyun Jong must have changed just as much if not more.

The look from Venerable Heo Do, who was in the lead, weighed heavily on his shoulders.

“They sneak up on me like that to say they have something to pick with us?”

Hyun Jong glanced back at the voice that broke the tension.

Before he knew it, Chung Myung had caught up behind him and was looking at Wudang with both hands on the back of his head.

“Looks like their asses are on fire. In the past, even if they had seen us, they would have ignored us.”

“Do not be too harsh. These days, I am feeling burned out, so they need to be accepted with a big heart. But if you know them, they are our descendants, too, right?”

Hyun Jong listened to those words in a daze and burst out laughing.

The only person in the world who could speak of Wudang in such a way was Chung Myung alone. Even the sect leader of Wudang wouldn’t look down on Wudang.

Well, thanks to that, it felt like the pressure on his body, which was stopping his movement, had disappeared like a lie. Now, he was able to look at Venerable Heo Do with a comfortable expression.

As the distance between the two sects grew closer, their steps slowed down. Venerable Heo Do approached Hyun Jong at a leisurely pace.

Hyun Jong quietly put both hands together and held them out.

“I greet the Wudang sect leader.”

“I, Heo Do of Wudang, greet Mount Hua’s sect leader.”

Heo Do also bowed. He bowed his head deeply, then raised it and spoke with a kind expression.

“It seems like this is the first time we have met each other since the Worldly Martial Arts Tournament, sect leader.”

“True. I am happy to have met you again.”

Greetings were exchanged as if performing a ritual, and Venerable Heo Do smiled.

“At that time, I had no idea that Mount Hua would become this famous. I congratulate you on that.”

“That is a lot of praise. No matter how famous Mount Hua is, how can it be compared to Wudang, which is the North Star of the world? We just got lucky.”

“Hahahah. Isn’t excessive humility bad? The sect leader has now become an Alliance leader. If you say that even that is luck, the other members of the Heavenly Friends Alliance will be heartbroken.”

“Thanks to everyone looking at me favorably. If we had decided to become a leader based on skills and fame, how could I have achieved that position? My shoulders are weighed down by a heavy burden.”

Jo Gul whispered to Yoon Jong, who was listening to the conversation.

“Sahyung, sahyung. They both speak so softly and yet listening to them gives me a scary feeling.”

“…shut your mouth. If you get into trouble here, your bones will break.”

Jo Gul quietly covered his mouth with both hands.

At that time, Venerable Heo Do quietly looked at the people standing behind Hyun Jong.

“If you don’t mind, may I ask who the people standing behind them are?”

“Those are the people of Green Forest 72 Bandits.”

Venerable Heo Do nodded his head silently. That was all the reaction he gave.

Hyun Jong, who had expected to be criticized for bringing the Evils Faction along, looked at him with a slightly odd expression.

He never thought Venerable Heo Do would be this silent.

“Ah… I thought I had to come up with an excuse.”

Venerable Heo Do smiled at Hyun Jong’s words.

“Isn’t it true that the sect leader took in even the bandits of Green Forest through high virtue? I am just jealous. Even if I pursue Tao all my life, I don’t think I can follow it that strictly.”

“… such excessive praise.”

Hyun Jong lowered his head in embarrassment.

Venerable Heo Do smiled happily and looked around at Mount Hua’s disciples.

The qi which flowed implicitly was no less than that of Wudang. Of course, it was less serious than Wudang, and at first glance, felt light. Even with empty words, it could not be said to be serious Taoist qi…

‘Instead, it is clear and free.’

A new feeling suddenly occurred to him.

‘Since when did something heavy and serious come to represent Taoism?’

In the first place, the Tao should have been untethered.

Venerable Heo Do, who was lost in thought for a moment, then nodded heavily and looked at Hyun Jong.

“In the past, in the martial arts tournament…”

When the word “martial arts tournament” came up, the face of Hyun Jong hardened.

The duels that took place in Wuhan.

It might be a happy memory for Mount Hua, but for Venerable Heo Do, it was a terrible memory. Venerable Heo Do was bringing up the story in front of Mount Hua.

“We were very upset because our disciples had been humiliated.”

“… We just got lucky.”

Hyun Jong responded with an uncomfortable feeling, but surprisingly, Venerable Heo Do was cool about it.

“I also had that thought deep down. But after seeing Mount Hua disciples today, it seemed that it wasn’t just luck.”

Venerable Heo Do once again addressed Hyun Jong.

“I have learned a lot, Sect Leader.”

“Don’t say that. I haven’t done anything.”

“If it wasn’t for the Sect Leader’s work, how could Mount Hua have reached what it is today?”

The moment Hyun Jong was about to utter words of humility once again, Venerable Heo Do’s gaze fell squarely on someone else.

“Isn’t that right, Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon?”

“Our Sect Leader is quite amazing.”

“Hahaha. That is what I said.”

“As expected, he is at the level of Wudang’s Sect Leader, so you know exactly! This is why people need to be in good status.”

The two looked at each other and smiled as if they got along well.

But, unlike their bright expressions on the outside, their eyes were keenly observing and understanding each other.

“You took down Heo Gong?”

Venerable Heo Do was speechless and looked back at Hyun Jong for a moment. But Hyun Jong had turned his gaze to the distant sky.

It was an expression that said, ‘I cannot do anything about him, handle him yourself.’

“Skill… right. It was skill. Because Heo Gong isn’t someone who can be defeated by luck.”

“Yes. It was amazing.”

“Aren’t you more amazing for defeating someone like that?”

“Hehe. I didn’t mean it that way, but since you said it so clearly, it is hard for me to deny it. Ahem.”

Venerable Heo Do looked around Mount Hua once again, but no one saw him. This was because their disciple, who would be embarrassing to display anywhere, was now pushing his stomach out in front of Wudang’s Sect Leader.

‘I feel like I am going to die of embarrassment.’

Venerable Heo Do laughed and nodded.

“Nice. There is no hesitation in calling amazing as amazing. Lao Tzu also said that unnecessary courtesy eats away at human results.”

Hearing these refreshing words, Chung Myung looked at Venerable Heo Do with a bright smile in his eyes.

“You better be careful, though. Our kids are still training, forgetting about the past, in order to defeat you.”

“A challenge is always welcome.”

Venerable Heo Do, who thought for a moment, smiled.

“Having said that next time our kids challenge you, don’t back down because it’s annoying.”

“Uh… I cannot promise you that.”

“Haha. Then there is nothing we can do.”

Venerable Heo Do finished the light talk and spoke to Hyun Jong.

“I have many stories I want to share, but it’s a shame I cannot chat more because I have to hurry on my way.”

“Wouldn’t there be another chance?”

“Yes. I will visit you again and ask for your guidance.”

Venerable Heo Do politely handed a bow.

When Hyun Jong did the same, Venerable Heo Do turned around without hesitation.

The Wudang Sect left first, leaving Mount Hua standing still. It was only after they were a little further away that a deep sigh escaped Hyun Jong’s mouth.

It wasn’t surprising how much Wudang hated Mount Hua.

However, Venerable Heo Do didn’t lose his politeness and respect even for a moment. Actually, he even praised Mount Hua.

Hyun Jong thought about whether he could have done that.

‘That is what sect leaders of famous sects are like.’

A person whose posture was humble, but from that humble posture, one could feel the power to overwhelm the opponent. If Venerable Heo Do had openly exposed his teeth, they might not have felt this much pressure.

And the Wudang Sect supporting him also didn’t reveal any emotions they might have accumulated during the previous meetings.

‘There is still a long way to go.’

Neither he nor Mount Hua was good enough to compare with Wudang.

Meanwhile, Chung Myung, who was watching Wudang, had folded his arms and stood behind Hyun Jong, his lips curled into a smile.

‘Still doing well, eh?’

There were no instances of the Wudang members, including the Venerable Heo Do, being rude.

But Chung Myung was annoyed by Heo Do’s attitude because being able to maintain himself properly meant that they still had time to spare.

“Let us see how long your leisurely attitude will last.”

Chung Myung’s eyes were sharp as they looked at the Wudang sect.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.