Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“S-stop them! Don’t let them get in!”

The leaders of the pirates, who had gathered at the Black Dragon Pirates’ meeting, shouted. But no matter how much they screamed or struggled, nothing worked.

The pirates, completely terrified, were busy shooting their bows in panic. They were desperately trying to escape from the Namgung family’s ship, which was rapidly approaching with every passing moment.

“You damn bastards! Do you not hear me?”

If this were land, they would have run immediately and broken the heads of those not listening to them. Unfortunately, this was the Yangtze River. No matter how talented they were at slaying dragons, they couldn’t possibly run to another ship, right?

“Come back, right now! You fucking bastards!”

The leader of the White Land Pirates, who was scolding them, gritted his teeth, his face turning red.

“Shoot! Shoot! Fucking shoot!”

The ship he was on was still under control. The pirates clung to the railing and fired the harpoons.

Large iron harpoons, the length of a human body, flew fiercely at the Namgung family ship. But not a single one reached its target.

The warriors of the Namgung family, who were guarding the ship and sniping at them, jumped out of the water and knocked away the harpoons. Those on the ship neatly swung their swords, completely deflecting the harpoons.

The sight of harpoons flying with terrifying force, being hit by those thin swords and bouncing back helplessly, was unbelievable.

“Ah, no! Captain! Harpoons don’t work, and those approaching in the water are being killed! There is no way!”

The captain’s eyes turned red as they became bloodshot.

“If the ships, which are now running away in fear, join and attack from all around, no matter how great they are, they cannot stop all of them! If we take the lead and charge ahead bravely, the other ships will also change their minds!”

“Ha! But! Captain! You just saw them! They…”

“Shut up! No matter how great the Namgung family is, we are the 18 Pirates! Are you telling me to be scared of some Justice faction who is on the Yangtze River now?”

“If the harpoon doesn’t work, just go for the ship! Just blow a hole in the ship! No matter how great they are, they don’t have water arts! And they are nothing without a ship.”

“C-captain… Please think again…”

The captain pulled out his large spear.

“You, if this spear hits your mouth, will you obey me then? Will you not turn the wheel?”

The subordinate moved immediately, and the captain’s face contorted.

‘These bastards have no loyalty.’

Actually, it was understandable for his subordinate to just run, but he wasn’t allowing it now.

It was acceptable to abandon the other pirates and join the Black Dragon pirates. But the situation wasn’t great. And abandoning the Black Dragon pirates wasn’t something that could be forgiven.

‘The Black Dragon King will not leave me alive!’

Even considering the Black Dragon King’s persistent nature, there was no way his safety could be guaranteed.

“Whether you die this way or that way, it is the same! So move! Hit them from the side!”

The pirates had to die one way or another. If they rejected the order now, they would have spears pierced their chests.

Gritting their teeth, they turned the rudder and started rowing. The ship cut through the current and rushed toward the Namgung family.

It was at that moment that the evil-stricken pirates let out the shout.

White sword qi spread out from the Namgung ship at the forefront and engulfed their ship.

The captain was shocked.

Due to the nature of the ships, which often collided with each other, they were made of wood that was twice as hard as ordinary wood. But this sword qi split the wood like tofu.

The deck was split in half. As he looked at the black hole, cold sweat ran down his spine.

But that wasn’t the end.

White Sword qi poured out one after another. The people standing on the railing swung their swords simultaneously with expressionless faces, and each time a sword was swung, a half-moon-shaped sword qi emerged.

Kwang! Kwang! Crack!

The pirate ship lost its momentum in an instant and turned into a rag.

The captain screamed.

After all, sword qi wasn’t something anyone could just perform. In particular, someone who could project sword qi this far away and use it to cut the ship was worthy of being called an expert.

But how could something like this happen as if many experts were on one ship?

‘T-that Namgung family?’

The pirate’s face turned white.

He only realized it when he saw it with his own eyes.

The Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families. These were people they were familiar with, and it was natural for them to be called strong.

But that was also why they were underestimated.

Only now was he able to clearly see with his own eyes why they could dominate Kangho for so long.

“T-the ship is sinking! Run!”

“It is already filled with water…”

But before he could finish speaking, a white sword qi came and cut his throat. Blood splashed all over the deck. At the same time, the barely holding-on ship tipped over and became useless. The blue water rose above the deck at an incredible speed.

The pirate captain was devastated and looked at the Namgung family ship with exhausted eyes.

What was even more humiliating than this defeat was that the Namgung ship didn’t care about them anymore. The Namgung family ships were entering the valley, leaving them alone for the other ships to handle.

“Abandon the ship and jump into the water! Join the ships behind!”

The captain who gave the order looked down at his hands.

He was shaking so badly that he seemed pathetic.

No matter how fierce and vicious the snakes were, in a place where tigers and dragons ran rampant, they were nothing more than a meal. Realizing his own limitations, he closed his eyes and turned away in despair.

Beop Gye spoke in a loud voice.

His dull eyes were fixed on the ship of the Namgung family ahead.

‘Emperor’s Sword Namgung Hwang. I thought he had grown a bit, but…’

Of course, at best, they were dealing with just novices. But just by looking at it, the Namgung family was clearly showing the strength they possessed.

As the Namgung family was now demonstrating, the place where the strength of the sect was originally supposed to be displayed was none other than Shaolin. However due to the checks between Wudang and Qingcheng, in the end, Namgung was gaining more for its reputation.

‘How greedy can one be!’

Although it was a matter of defeating the Yangtze River pirates, they were only seeking the safety of the sect.

He was finally able to understand the words of the abbot, advising him not to meddle in Kangho’s affairs.

“Speed up! The distance cannot be widened!”

“But, Elder, shouldn’t we keep a reasonable distance? If the back is surrounded…”

“Is being blocked at the back being surrounded? No matter how much they try to surround us, will they be able to stop us?”

Hae Jin, unable to answer, simply mumbled.

From the standpoint of war, a route of retreat had to be secured in any situation. But now the statement wasn’t wrong. This was the path that the Namgung family cleared in one swoop. There was no way Shaolin wouldn’t be able to break through the path, right?

This wasn’t just about building pride. That was the way it was. It was true that the Namgung family showed great strength, but this was Shaolin, not some other place.

“All those remaining behind need to do is secure retreat…”

At that moment, Beop Gye stopped talking and shut his mouth.

The Wudang ships, which were advancing alongside them, suddenly increased their speed and were moving quickly. It looked like they were done thinking.

The voice of Beop Gye grew louder.

“Qingcheng will handle the back! Hurry up! We cannot fall behind Wudang!”

When the name Wudang came up, Hae Jin’s face became stiff.

Giving the vanguard to the Namgung family wasn’t something that could be helped. But no matter what, there was no way the merit could be taken by Wudang.

In that case, wouldn’t it be better for the Namgung family to monopolize the merit?

Beop Gye’s face contorted.

They were just a little quick to judge. However, thanks to this, the Wudang ships were already ahead of them by a dozen meters.

‘If the abbot were here, he might have tolerated their actions, but I will not sit idly!’

Beop Gye lightly clenched his fists and gritted his teeth.

The Wudang ships came close behind the ships of Namgung, who were in the lead. After that, the Shaolin and Qingcheng ships increased their speed as well.

It would have been spectacular in its own way if the urgent change of formation was done in a neat and orderly manner, but at first glance, it was more chaos than grandeur.

It felt so odd for the sects belonging to the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families.

The Mount Hua disciples who were watching this were at a loss for words.

Baek Cheon looked ahead with curiosity and asked.

“…It was truly impressive to see the Namgung family move ahead with majesty and the pirates retreat. But in the end, if they do that, won’t all the pirates on the river run?”

“If that happens, the pirates’ numbers wouldn’t exactly decrease. In that case, wouldn’t it be right for at least two sects to wait and sort those pirates out? In any case, just two sects can handle the Black Dragon pirates.”

“Then why are they doing that?”

Chung Myung laughed.

“Who will even stay and handle them?”

“Anyone can do it. They are pirates, and they are the Nine Great Sects.”

“Is there any way to gain merit by catching those who are running?”

“They have come a long way, but no one wants to pass up the merit to gain. Regardless of whether there are any pirates left on the Yangtze River or not, all they have to do is cut off the Black Dragon King’s head or destroy the Black Dragon pirates.”

Baek Cheon’s face went stiff.

“You are saying that they came to help the civilians and gain fame?”

“Watch carefully. This is the nature of those who claim to be the Nine Great Sects and the Five Great Families. If only one sect had come, they would have handled it, cleared the pirates, and prepared themselves before entering.”

“But the moment two or more sects gather in one place, whether it’s a plan or not, they will never give up.”

Chung Myung’s mouth twitched.

A sight he had grown tired of seeing.

‘But I cannot call them entirely wrong either.’

He and Mount Hua, weary of that nature, fought against the Demonic Sect without seeking gain or fame. And what was the price of that?

If Chung Myung hadn’t come back, Mount Hua would have eventually collapsed into debt. Everyone else would have monopolized the merits and benefits. Still, fearlessly making a name for themselves as one of the world’s prestigious sects.

Being first when no one recognized it?

Such nonsense. Now he knew.

The graves of those who died without anyone knowing were just weeds to be pulled out. Chung Myung never intended to follow in the footsteps of the past.

“… they are cold and harsh. And they are the Nine Great Sects.”

“And fierce. Still, don’t criticize them because their acts are ridiculous. The order of precedence is wrong. Even though they are part of the Great Sects, it isn’t like they are not stubborn. They are stubborn in their way because they are part of the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families.”

Baek Cheon nodded as if he understood something.

“But you told us to watch closely. If they go inside, we won’t be able to see what’s happening, right?”

“Eh, come on. There’s a way.”

Chung Myung gestured to the side.

On the other side of the scattered pirate ships, some new ships appeared.

Baek Cheon was shocked.

“Our ship? That one?”

“Yes. Just in case, I told them to bring an extra ship. I thought I wouldn’t be able to use it because we left late, but thanks to those idiots fighting and taking more time, we got to use it.”

Chung Myung wore a victorious grin.

“Let’s go. We need to see with our own eyes whether they went into a place of treasure or the mouth of a tiger.”

“… seriously, I cannot understand you.”

Baek Cheon shook his head and looked at the ships entering the valley. His expression gradually hardened.

Strangely, the scene seemed more ominous to him…

“Yah! Bring some extra alcohol!”

It was all just an illusion.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.