Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Four Precepts Alliance?”

Namgung Hwang spoke with a stern expression.

“What do you mean by that?”

Jang Ilso nodded with a relaxed demeanor.

“It is a name that hadn’t existed before. But now, it will be a name everyone knows. The 18 River Families of the Yangtze River, Black Ghost Fort, Lower District Sect, and Ten Thousand People Clan will be under this name.”

“… the leaders of the Evil Faction formed an alliance?”

A hundred years ago, during the war against the Demonic Sect, the Evil Faction formed an alliance. However, it was a temporary alliance for survival, and even then, it was only a façade and not perfect.

Did it mean that their clans, who were at odds with each other, had come together under one alliance?

But there was no way to believe it.

It was imaginable for the sect leaders of the Nine Great Sects to gather in one place. No one would find it odd even if the Five Great Families came together.

‘But who would have imagined the sight of the Evil Faction uniting with each other?’

That dream-like event was now unfolding before their eyes.

Namgung Hwang snorted. It seemed he didn’t want to show weakness to them.

“How can it be such a big deal for the people of the Evil Faction to come together!”

“It might not be such a big deal in the eyes of the family head. But since we did come together with a decision, wouldn’t you like to congratulate us?”

Namgung Hwang glared at him with eyes that seemed to want to devour him.

“Hmm. You don’t seem to want to do that. Too bad.”

But those eyes didn’t make Jang Ilso flinch at all.

Even the tone of his voice and gentle hand gestures spoke of composure.

As he looked at Jang Ilso like that, he began to feel anxious for some reason.

Venerable Heo Do took a glance behind.

When they entered the narrow valley, they expected it to be a natural fortress. However, as things turned out, getting out seemed more difficult than getting in.

‘Hell will break out as the ships start to get entangled with each other.’

But there was no way he could wait for his turn because the pirates would come to target them.

‘A retreat would have no meaning then.’

So, even if they had secured an escape route and entered the narrow place, nothing would have changed. A way out was meaningful only when it could be used.

Venerable Heo Do, who understood the situation, looked at Jang Ilso.

“Four Precepts Alliance… no matter what, unity is a good thing. Can I congratulate you?”

Jang Ilso nodded his head.

“Congratulations from the sect leader of Wudang. It is a great honor.”

“I am glad you are happy. But, Hegemony Lord.”

Venerable Heo Do’s eyes seemed to pierce Jang Ilso.

“You aren’t in the position to receive congratulations. If you do want to be congratulated, shouldn’t you come down here instead of standing there and looking down on us?”

Jang Ilso laughed loudly as he shook his head.

“Right, that is right. Yes.”

“That is the right thing to do. But what can I do? I am an Evil Faction person who doesn’t know etiquette. Wouldn’t it be funny if we showed that, though?”

“Could it be that the person called a lord of the Evil Faction is scared?”

“Hahaha. Saying such an obvious thing. Of course, I am scared.”

The lips of Jang Ilso twisted into a smile.

“Shaolin, Wudang, Namgung, and Qingcheng sects. How can we not be scared when it comes to dealing with them? Even now, my spine is trembling, and I am having a hard time standing. Hahahah!”

Venerable Heo Do’s face turned cold.

It was something he said to scratch the pride, but it didn’t work. Usually, a person who is new to a high position is expected to consider pride first, regardless of their natural inclinations.

But Jang Ilso didn’t feel any such thing.

Venerable Heo Do knew this well. This kind of person was the most difficult and tough to handle.

He glared at Jang Ilso with cold eyes.

“I guess you just came to greet us.”

His tone turned rougher. It was proof that his calmness was being shaken, and he was becoming anxious.

Jang Ilso slowly touched his chin with his pale hand.

“Is this what people who invade other lands and wield a sword without permission would say?”

“This is the first time I have heard about needing permission to clear out pirates.”

“Haha. Right. You don’t need to ask permission. Right, true. Until now.”

There was a hint of arrogance in Jang Ilso’s eyes as he looked down on Venerable Heo Do.

“But now you will have to ask permission. For this, it is Jang Ilso and not someone else.”

Venerable Heo Do changed.

Who had he heard this from before?

He tightly clenched the sword at his waist.

“What if we don’t do that?”

“Hahaha! You ask such obvious things. Of course, you will have to pay the price, right?”

At that time, Namgung Hwang, who was listening, let out a loud shout, unable to endure it any longer.

“You bastard with a big mouth! If you are so confident, then come down and take my sword!”

Jang Ilso looked around with odd eyes and a strange look.

“It seems like everyone doesn’t have the slightest understanding of the situation they are in right now.”

“It could be possible. Shaolin, Wudang, and Namgung with Qingcheng. With the strength of those four factions, no matter what force they face in the world, they wouldn’t be defeated. Moreover, it is tough to discuss the advantages of the locations of such high cliffs.”

There was no escape.

But no attack would reach the Evil Faction either.

Even if they shot arrows, rolled stones, or poured boiling oil on them, there was no way they would suffer significant damage since they were the best warriors of each sect.

‘Furthermore, there are remnants of the Black Dragon Pirates in here.’

Quite a few of them had died, but more than two-thirds were still alive. Ignoring them and launching a wide-scale attack shouldn’t be an option, even for the Evil Faction.

Ultimately, this meant they would also have to descend the cliff.

If they were to face them head-on, it would be worth confronting them, no matter how many there are. Since they must have gathered in a hurry, they couldn’t have brought many troops.

Jang Ilso also knew what the opponents were thinking.

His white sneer twisted horribly.

“That is what you think when you look down at Jang Ilso. I think you need to understand your situation.”

For a moment, Venerable Heo Do’s heart turned cold.

Jang Ilso lightly flicked his finger.

A sharp sound echoed through the valley.

Venerable Heo Do looked at the top of the cliff with nervous eyes. It was clear that Jang Ilso sent some signal, but no movement could be seen. It was just silence.

…a terrifying sound came as if something was cutting through the heart. It wasn’t a loud sound but one that could be clearly heard in the silent valley.

And then the roar to bring down the sky erupted.

And the most unbelievable sight unfolded.

One side of the cliff they occupied exploded. Clouds of dust rose up, and fragments shot out like firecrackers.

Even in the experienced world of Venerable Heo Do, he had never seen this.

Soon, one side of the cliff where the explosion occurred slowly fell away and began to tilt.

In an instant, his mind went blank.

This enormous rock cast a shadow over the heads of the Four Precepts and began to fall with increasing speed.

The best of the best, who were not afraid of death, screamed at the top of their lungs and ran in despair.

These were people who were willing to risk their lives for their colleagues. But the moment they saw this humongous rock falling above them, their hands instinctively grabbed their sahyungs and pushed them.

It was a terrifying sight.

It was something beyond logic and common sense. Even Venerable Heo Do was overwhelmed by the sight and could only watch it.

Surprisingly, it was Namgung Hwang who acted first.

Formidable sword Qi emerged from his sword. It was more than twice as large and intimidating as the Enhanced Sword that had destroyed the entire ship a moment ago. He roared at the top of his lungs and swung the sword.

The sword qi he unleashed struck the falling rock. It was indeed a formidable sword, and although it left scars as large as five feet deep, the large rock didn’t break or crack.

Namgung Hwang didn’t give up and once again brought out all his internal qi and unleashed the sword.

Beop Gye, too, seemed to know what had to be done and shouted.

This enormous power of the golden fist was added to the sword qi of Namgung Hwang and embedded in the rock.

Finally, the rock, which was the size of a shrine, broke into two. But that wasn’t enough.

“What are you doing! Break it! Crush it!”

As Beop Gye’s scream rang out, all those who came to their senses drew out their internal qi and attacked the rocks in unison.

It was a sight of struggle.

The colorful rock was hit, split, and pulverized. The rock gradually split, cracked, and got crushed.

“More! More! Use all your strength! Or we all die here!”

The best of the Nine Great Sects, whose eyes were red with fury, attacked with all their might. Yet, removing the enormous rock was impossible from the start.

The rock, as large as a grand shrine, broke and cracked, forming hundreds of rocks the size of people.

Bang! Bang! Kwang! Kwang!

The rocks fell from afar, smashing loudly into the mud.

One after another, the rocks continued to fall for a long time.

The world shook as the cliff deformed.

How can this place, where the screams of humans and the land mix, be explained to the other world as anything but hell?

Finally, the last rock fell to the ground.

A thick layer of dust filled the air.

As if the world wouldn’t witness this terrible sight.

It was only when the wind blew from somewhere, pushing the dust away, that the miserable scene was revealed.

Elder Heo looked at the tragic sight before his eyes.

“M-My leg is… my… uhh….”

Those crushed by the rocks.

Those who left, shedding blood.

Blood that flowed down and was covered by the dust, and blood flowed endlessly.

Venerable Heo Do looked at the scene blankly and then turned his gaze to the cliff.

Jang Ilso’s maddening laughter and the jingling of his jewelry ruthlessly mixed in the valley with the groans of the fallen.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.