Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Oil rained from the sky, and arrows shot out endlessly from the ground.

The qi from Shaolin monks moving up and down the cliff was like a golden dragon, and the Sword Shield drawn by Wudang covered the cliff in white.

Bake Cheon’s eyes trembled.

Even though they were in the middle of a battle, he had to calm his mind. Yet, anyone who witnessed this scene would understand why Baek Cheon was distracted.

Not just Baek Cheon and Mount Hua’s disciples, but even the warriors of the Ten Thousand People Clan who were facing him couldn’t take their eyes off it.

A sight that made “overwhelming” feel like an understatement.

Strength and stratagem.

Everything that constituted the battlefield of Kangho clashed fiercely there. As was said in Kangho, there was no law or agreement there.

The only thing that existed was a terrible intent to kill another person and a strong desire to survive at all costs.

The smell of boiling oil and gunpowder pierced the nose, adding to a thick stench that defied explanation.

‘This is a battle…!’

It felt like something sticky and heavy was in his body. He couldn’t breathe properly and felt dazed the entire time as if a fog clouded his mind.

Baek Cheon, who had followed Chung Myung to various battles, knew that his skills might be first-rate, but his experience wasn’t.

But this was different from any battlefield he had experienced.

The scale of the clashing forces was different, and the will behind the conflict was different. Above all, the level of malevolence directed at each other was on a different level.

Shaolin and Wudang disciples, with their eyes red and gritted teeth, climbed up. Even as the boiling oil touched and grazed their skin, they continued to move upward.

And the Evil Faction members, who saw that scene, began to pour more oil.

No, it wasn’t just oil anymore.

Seeing the disciples rise higher and higher, they grew impatient. They threw rocks without even being ordered, pouring all their qi into the pile of stones they moved.

The stone that the sword couldn’t completely cut struck a monk who was climbing the cliff.

His head was injured, with blood flowing down. The monk, who stumbled once, gritted his teeth and glared up.

His face was close to a demon’s. He grabbed a stone sticking out of the cliff and climbed up. There was no mercy or gentleness in his face anymore. It was just filled with malice towards the other person.

‘This is a real battle!’

When people’s lives were at stake, their true nature came out.

This battlefield was a place where human nature was shown for what it was. And here, there was no sign of the degree or agreement they had been shouting loudly about.

Not yet. This could not be the true battlefield of warriors.

Yoon Jong seemed to feel that way, too, and shouted in an angry tone.

How many times had they not seen this far? This was just the start. When the true battle of warriors began…

With Jo Gul’s shout, Namgung Hwang and Venerable Heo Do began to climb up the cliff at a blinding speed. A step behind, Beop Gye also led the elders of Shaolin and jumped up the cliff like a dragon ascending to heaven.

Baek Cheon looked far above and searched for one person with his eyes.

“I will handle it all! You bastards!”

With a loud voice, Chung Myung rushed down the cliff like a snake. He was finally making his move.

Baek Cheon gritted his teeth.

Until then, it had been closer to a war than a battlefield of warriors. However, this was the most decisive factor that differentiated both.

An absolute warrior.

Absolute warriors who could turn the battlefield’s flow with a single sword or change the land with a single slash.

Their movements determined the direction of the battle.

Baek Cheon watched Chung Myung sprint along the cliff, while the Ten Thousand People Clan aimed for him from below.

As soon as he saw this, Baek Cheon’s mouth moved before his mind could catch up.

“Sasuk! Senior Sasuk!”

“We’ll handle it here!”

Before Un Geom and Hyun Sang could fully respond, Baek Cheon swung his sword sharply at the Ten Thousand People Clan in front of him and roared.

“Yiseol! Yoon Jong! Jo Gul!”

Baek Cheon responded to Tang Soso’s urgent call without delay.

“Soso, support our warriors! We can’t let a single person die!”

“Let’s go! Chung Myung must be protected!”

Without hesitation, Baek Cheon and four others leaped down the cliff.

Baek Cheon descended a few steps and touched his toes against the cliff.

The moment his speed slowed down a bit!

Baek Cheon kicked off the cliff, rushing ahead at lightning speed.

“You bastards, this is what Mount Hua is!”

At the sight of the Five Swords running in perfect order, cheers erupted one after another from the Mount Hua disciples.

According to the natural order, many people could be superior to them. But when it came to navigating a cliff, everything changed. Which sect in the world would train to walk on a cliff?

“This cliff is nothing compared to Mount Hua!”

Baek Cheon soon ran past the slippery cliff as if it were flat land, chasing after Chung Myung.

He saw the warriors of the Ten Thousand People Clan moving towards Chung Myung, who was already engaged with another person. It was too late for him to intervene directly.

But there was nothing to worry about. Because there was one person here who possessed footwork techniques incomparable to his own.

At that moment, Yu Yiseol, who was running behind Baek Cheon, climbed up the cliff. Baek Cheon maintained his running speed and held the sword ahead.

Yu Yiseol rotated her body and fell onto Baek Cheon’s sword. The moment her foot touched the surface of the sword, Baek Cheon swung the sword at once and quickly propelled Yu Yiseol’s body.

The surging Yu Yiseol’s body moved like a bird flying off the cliff.

Meanwhile, the Ten Thousand People Clan warriors, who had almost reached Chung Myung, swung their blades with all their might. They were determined to somehow attack Chung Myung and make him fall!

But, rather than even turning to look at them, Chung Myung only rushed ahead.

It was the moment when feeling ignored, they pushed even harder into the province.

Yu Yiseol flew in at once and spun around with her sword unleashed. The bright red sword qi that erupted from the tip of the sword swept away the warriors aiming for Chung Myung in an instant.

The sword qi, which suddenly flew in, frightened the Ten Thousand People Clan and slashed at their bodies. One person did succeed in blocking the flying sword qi with a hastily raised sword, but Chung Myung had already run far ahead of them.

The eyes of the enemies were all red as they swung their swords at Yu Yiseol. Still, after hitting the cliff a couple of times, she instantly rose above their heads and shot forward again.

The Ten Thousand People Clan were all wide-eyed.

Kicking off the ground and jumping over the heads of people wasn’t a big deal. It was acceptable to admit that she moved at a speed invisible to the naked eye. Still, in any case, it would be more difficult to find someone among those gathered here who couldn’t show such a level of footwork.

But wasn’t this place on a cliff?

Falling without any gain, they urgently drove a blade into the cliff. Somehow, they succeeded in standing up, but by that time, Chung Myung and Yu Yiseol had already distanced themselves.

“Who are you chasing, you damn bastard!”

At that moment, Yoon Jong and Jo Gul, who had followed them from the cliff, rushed at them with frightening momentum.

The Ten Thousand People Clan warriors was shocked.

There was no way they could properly respond to the attack coming from behind, as they barely managed to stay upright by sticking their swords into the cliff. Those in the front were instantly pierced and fell to the ground, splashing blood, while those in the back gave up fighting and threw themselves down.

Yoon Jong and Jo Gul, who had cleared out a dozen warriors in an instant, had already passed by and shouted at Baek Cheon, who was running ahead.

“I will follow right after you!”

Baek Cheon gritted his teeth and continued to run. In his eyes, the image of Chung Myung running up the cliff and Yu Yiseol running on top of it as if guarding Chung Myung came into view.

“Don’t let Chung Myung stop!”

As if in response to the shouts, power surged from below and flew straight to the top of Chung Myung’s head.

Hae Yeon was also perfectly assisting in moving.

The disciples of the Nine Great Sects, who gritted their teeth, climbed the cliff and couldn’t hide their astonishment at the sight.

They had heard of the reputation of Mount Hua’s Five Swords. However, they thought they were only second and third-class disciples.

It was ridiculous that these people could just run along the cliff as if it was flat and easily jump over the rocks like flying squirrels, but to think they did such tricks on the cliff?

How was it possible unless they had ten lives?

Jin Hyun gritted his teeth.

‘Damn it, Righteous Sword of Hua…!’

When he first saw them in the Martial Arts Tournament, the difference between him and Baek Cheon wasn’t so significant.

But now, he couldn’t even dream of imitating the way Baek Cheon was moving. At this moment, he was barely crawling up the cliff, while Baek Cheon was soaring like a bird.

‘What could possibly cause such a difference?’

His eyes were red with frustration.

Yet the anger he felt was nothing compared to what Namgung Do-wei was experiencing.

Namgung Do-wei, watching Chung Myung from below, felt his blood boiling, unaware that his clenched lips were bleeding.

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon!”

Chung Myung was truly clinging to the cliff like a Divine Dragon. But instead of splitting the mountain with his Great Sword, he was struggling and groaning?

In a fit of rage, Namgung Do-wei began climbing the cliff with intense movements.

“Do-wei, calm down!”

The elders of the family shouted urgently, but Namgung Do-wei wanted to argue back loudly.

Was it not dangerous for them?

The warriors and disciples of another small sect, which couldn’t compare to the Namgung family, were now dominating the battle. How could he remain silent and worry about his own safety?

“The sword troops of the Namgung sect will follow! I will protect the lord!”

The young warriors of the Namgung family responded with loud cheers. Although they didn’t voice it, their eyes were also burning with fighting spirit. It was clear they shared Namgung Do-wei’s determination.

“We will never lose to Mount Hua! Be prepared to take risks and speed up!”

As the Wudang and Namgung family increased their pace, the two groups began to entangle with one another.

Namgung Hwang kicked off the cliff and rose like a dragon.

The activities of Mount Hua were clearly visible to his eyes.

People who were less than half his age were risking their lives, and it was impossible for him, a member of a family clan, to prioritize his safety.

Namgung Hwang, who struck down the pot of oil pouring onto his head with a single sword slash, leaped above the cliff.

“You little bastard!”

The cliff, which seemed to touch the sky, was suddenly covered in a shadow.

It was like a black sun had risen.

The Black Dragon King’s scimitar was swung in an instant, and the black-colored blade qi came like a waterfall.

The Black Dragon King’s blade qi poured down the cliff like the spear of a god, flying straight for Namgung Hwang.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.