Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Namgung Hwang’s eyes were filled with shock.

An enormous amount of blade qi was pouring down over their heads. It was as if the entire field of vision was turning black.

Namgung Hwang leaped towards the blade qi, flying at him with a strike like lightning.

“I am Namgung Hwang!”

Namgung Hwang’s sword, accompanied by a mighty roar, cut through the blade qi in front of him. A sword as white as the sun sliced through the black darkness.

The sight of Namgung Hwang, surrounded by white sword qi, soaring through the enemy’s blade qi made the hearts of those watching him boil with excitement.

As the Black Dragon King’s scimitar descended once again, the blade qi, now with even more force, began to gush out.

Namgung Hwang charged like a lion and split the blade qi.

The blade qi clearly demonstrated why the Black Dragon King was called the God of the Yangtze River. Still, Namgung Hwang proved his strength, earning his title as the Emperor’s Sword.

Unfortunately, this wasn’t a battle to prove an individual’s skills. That point divided the joy and sorrow between the two.

The Black Dragon King’s blade qi, which was split to the left and right by Namgung Hwang’s sword, rained down below without losing force.

Suddenly, the blade qi rained down on their heads, and the Shaolin and Wudang disciples flew in all directions, their faces turning pale.

But this place was on a cliff. Attacks that could have been easily avoided on flat ground were much harder to dodge here.

Those who were swept away by the blade qi, unable to avoid it, fell helplessly, bleeding.

“Hae Myung! Hae Myung!”

The sects were recognized all over the world just by their names alone.

But even for them, it wasn’t easy to handle the qi of the Black Dragon King, a leader in the Shenzhou Five Sects. People climbing the cliff fell, with blood spilling all around.

What even the pouring oil and rain of arrows couldn’t accomplish, the blade qi of the Black Dragon King achieved.

Namgung Hwang’s eyes shone.

“Black Dragon Kingggg!”

The Black Dragon King laughed loudly.

“It was worth seeing your expression, Emperor’s Sword!”

Namgung Hwang clung to the cliff again and looked down, biting his lip hard enough to bleed. Not just Shaolin and Wudang, but even the Namgung family suffered because of what he did.

When he saw the people groaning down the cliff, his stomach turned hot with anger.

But Namgung Hwang couldn’t vent his anger either.

The Yangtze River 18 Families.

It was difficult to say that the pirates he had been dealing with so far were strong, and those weren’t empty words.

The level of their opponents wasn’t comparable to that of the Namgung family. The warriors of the pirates weren’t even strong enough to match against the elders of the Namgung family. They were inferior to the normal elders.

And so, it was true that he developed a feeling of disdain for them.

But the Black Dragon King’s blade qi was enough to shatter the pride of Namgung Hwang in one swipe.

‘Black Dragon King.’

The King of the Yangtze River, a God.

He was of a different class. At least he was completely different from the other pirates.

Namgung Hwang’s sword skills could cut through the mountain with one slash and cut through the river. But only the Black Dragon King’s blade, qi, couldn’t be cut down.

How could such a person emerge from among those crude pirates?

A Justice Faction nurtured all of its affiliated clans, but in a sect, people with different standards stepped in. This was the moment when one painfully realized what that meant.

At that moment, Venerable Heo Do shouted loudly and passed by Namgung Hwang. Thanks to that, Namgung Hwang, who had flinched, suddenly came to his senses and gritted his teeth again.

‘Does this mean I was scared?’

The moment he saw Venerable Heo Do passing by, the blood in his body surged high.

Namgung Hwang shouted once again and climbed up the cliff.

Beop Gye quickly followed right next to him.

Venerable Heo Do, Namgung Hwang, and Beop Gye.

Absolute warriors representing the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families climbed up the cliff in one movement to sever the heads of the leaders of their enemies.

“HAHAHAHAHAH! You little brats!”

The Black Dragon King’s eyes filled with fire.

“If you want, I will deal with all of you!”

The Black Dragon King kicked the ground and flew down the cliff. The sight of the massive human falling from the sky felt more intimidating than could be imagined.

At the moment when Venerable Heo Do gritted his teeth and was about to slash his sword.

“I will be your opponent!”

A sharp sword slash moved to the neck of Venerable Heo Do, along with a cold and creepy voice.

Venerable Heo Do’s eyes shone as he gently swung the sword and pushed the sword away.

“Desolate Gold Elder!”

The Desolate Gold Elder, who had come down the cliff, stood perpendicular to the cliff as if his feet were glued to the ground and looked at Venerable Heo Do.

“If it is Venerable Heo Do of Wudang, it would be worth risking my life for. No matter how I think about it, this is a profitable business.”

Venerable Heo Do’s eyes darkened.

A man without blood or tears.

A merchant from hell who dealt with everything.

A peddler walking through the darkest places.

There were so many words to describe this man, but there was just one name that Venerable Heo Do could think of.

“First Sword of the Evil Faction.”

“All a façade. Not worth a penny.”

Venerable Heo Do adjusted the sword and held it.

And then he glanced left and right.

In the aftermath of the fierce battle and thanks to Chung Myung’s actions, most of the flames were extinguished, but those that hadn’t been extinguished were burning at the bottom of the cliff.

There was no way to take a step back.

The qi flowing from Desolate Gold Elder was telling. The moment he turned his back, his spine would be severed. An eerie killing intent and sticky force grabbed hold of his ankles and wouldn’t let go.

No matter how skilled he was as part of Wudang, he must risk his life if the opponent was the Desolate Gold Elder, the First Sword of the Evil Faction.

“Wudang’s Heo Do! I will take your life!”

“Nice! Let us have a go.”

The two of them ran down the cliff as if it were flat land and collided.

Through the qi waves of Black Dragon King’s scimitar and Namgung Hwang’s sword collision, Beop Gye soared into the sky. His elegant steps actually surpassed those of Venerable Heo Do and Namgung Hwang.

‘We must occupy the top part! I cannot make any more sacrifices!’

It was at that moment when Beop Gye gritted his teeth and soared up.

“It is the time of Shaolin. A true masterpiece.”

At that moment, dozens of hand shadows appeared above his head.

For a moment, Beop Gye was shocked.

It wasn’t a big deal to release spear attacks at the same time. Even if he went against Wudang’s first disciple, he could handle as much.

But if such forms of shadows all took different forms, the story was different.

Beop Gye waved his hand in the air. At the same time, dozens of arms appeared from his fingertips like the hands of a Thousand-Armed Buddha.

The two forces intertwined and collided.

Beop Gye, unable to overcome the aftermath, retreated a couple of steps.

A light of astonishment appeared in the eyes of Beop Gye, who saw a person leisurely walking down the cliff with his back turned.

“But when it comes to footwork, I am not too far behind.”

“… Thousand Faced Scholar.”

The clan leader of the Lower District sect, the Thousand Faced Scholar, blocked his path.

Beop Gye massaged his hands with a stern look.

The Fist of Shaolin was known to be the best in the world. Needless to say, the abbot of Shaolin was the best. But the aftermath of the collision moments earlier left pain in his wrist.

“…the famous Thousand Faced Scholar?”

“An honor. It is such an honor. Beop Gye of Shaolin recognizes my skills.”

The Thousand Faced Scholar giggled as if he was having fun.

“But it seems that the Thousand Arms Buddha Shaolin’s technique wasn’t as good as I thought. I am not sure if it lacks the skill or understanding or is weak.”

The eyes of Beop Gye darkened.

“You will find out it is neither, lord.”

“Hahahaha. So, you people have a passion for winning, too? Then come at me!”

The Thousand Faced Scholar lightly jumped up and spread his arms wide.

And then Beop Gye rose with a stern look on his face.

Shadow and palm arts.

As the shadows of human hands covered the blue sky above the cliff, a black shadow was cast onto the cliff.

The absolute warriors representing each sect were facing their enemies on the steep cliff.

The top of the cliff soon began to be covered with large clashes and explosions.

Everyone who was climbing the cliff opened their mouths, watching the sight.

They had heard a lot of stories about the skilled warriors. Still, no one had ever seen with their own eyes the sight of such warriors fighting sincerely and doing their best.

Kangho has enjoyed peace for over a hundred years. It had been well over a hundred years since the Evil and Justice Factions had been at war.

The best warriors represented the honor of each sect. These people had so much to lose in one defeat. Therefore, it wasn’t easy for them to clash.

But it was different now.

In order to survive and protect each other’s sects, they had to kill the enemy.

Enhanced sword and enhanced blade collided, and Palm arts and Fist arts clashed.

In the aftermath of the collision between the two, the entire cliff shook as if it would collapse at any moment, even though the explosives hadn’t detonated.

“That… the realm of absolute warriors.”

A laugh escaped from the mouth of Mu Jin, the first class disciple of Wudang.

The moment he witnessed it with his own eyes, the sight of the best warriors colliding in the air, his feelings of inadequacy washed over him like a wave.

‘So the sect leader was that strong?’

When the swords collided, they expelled qi waves that dug into the cliffs, leaving scars. A scene that seemed impossible for him to create even with all his might was being etched across the length and breadth of it simply with their spare qi.

Venerable Heo Do’s sword was astounding.

However, the sword of the Desolate Gold elder was not inferior to that of Venerable Heo Do.

The same was true for the others.

It was a historic clash of sorts.

The battle between the Black Dragon King and Namgung Hwang and the spar between the monk and the Thousand Faced Scholar were all close battles with no room for error.

The cliff shook as if it would collapse at any moment, and fragments began to fall like a landslide.

Mu Jin gritted his teeth and clung to the cliff.

Breaking through the path and heading up? Not ten, even a thousand lives would be enough!

‘What do we do in this situation….’

And then it happened.

A loud laugh, which didn’t suit the situation at all, caught Mu Jin’s attention.

Mu Jin turned his head and saw it.

Chung Myung, and the Five Swords surrounding him, like guards, ran to the cliff towards Jang Ilso at once.

“Did you clean that damn neck well? You bastard!”

Mu Jin’s mouth opened wide in shock.

While everyone’s eyes were frozen to the bones at the sight of the best warriors in the sect colliding, only one group, the Five Swords of Mount Hua, responded with fluidity.

As if they already belonged in that place.

“Mount… Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon!”

At the same time as Mu Jin shouted without realizing it, Chung Myung rose from the cliff.

Chung Myung’s sword flew like a flash and struck Jang Ilso’s head like lightning.

Jang Ilso burst into laughter and raised his hand to block Chung Myung’s sword.

The rings on each finger collided with Chung Myung’s sword, creating a loud roar.

Chung Myung’s face contorted.

And Jang Ilso’s face wore a sneer.

The eyes of the two clashed along with their swords and hands.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.