Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The sword, infused with internal qi and Jang Ilso’s ring rubbed against each other, creating a goosebumps-inducing sound.

When Chung Myung glared at him with eyes contorted in murderous intent, Jang Ilso responded with a sneer.

Jang Ilso grabbed Chung Myung’s sword and swung it away. Chung Myung spun in the air and landed on a cliff.

Jang Ilso shook off the hand that had blocked the black sword and looked down at Chung Myung.

“There is nothing as disgusting as an actor who doesn’t leave the stage when his role is over.”

Jang Ilso twisted his red lips.

“Your role would have been completed. Then why do you stay back being so ugly?”

Chung Myung looked at Jang Ilso and smiled. Their smiles seemed strangely similar, even though they were different. Above all, those eyes were condescending.

“Ah, I know very well. What is my role? It is my role to cut off your head and throw it to the dogs.”

Jang Ilso shook his head as if he couldn’t stop Chung Myung.

“You are such a bad actor. Very bad actor. You don’t even know what your role is. An actor like that not only ruins himself but also ruins the stage.”

Jang Ilso slowly stepped forward.

“It is heartbreaking, but an actor like that has to be pulled off the stage, by force at least.”

Chung Myung turned the sword and held it again, revealing his teeth. His expression was creepy as if he was smiling or snarling, and he said,

“My personality has improved a lot, you know.”

“I am watching a little useless bastard like you act out. If it was in the past, I would have stuck the sword down your throat before you even spoke.”

Jang Ilso burst into laughter.

Actually, this was an odd sight.

Below the cliff where they stood, a thrilling battle was unfolding. The disciples of the Justice Faction were groaning, dodging falling rocks, and clinging to the cliff.

It was a scene where the fate of Kangho was likely being twisted.

However, these two people were leisurely chatting as if none of this concerned them. It was as if they were the only people in the world.

“Nice. Really nice. Did you know, Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon? No, Chung Myung of Mount Hua. I really like you.”

“Which is why it is so disappointing. Truly. So much. The people I like don’t really like me. Of course, you feel the same, right?”

“Speaking of it will hurt my mouth.”

“Right, I guess so. Unfortunately. And so… there is nothing you can do.”

Jang Ilso covered his face with a large white hand. It was a gesture as if he didn’t want to show Chung Myung his expression.

But the crazy look in his eyes, peeking through his fingers, gave away what kind of expression Jang Ilso was making. A low murmur escaped from the lips beneath the palm.

“I have no choice but to rip off your neck and kill you.”

Chung Myung chuckled at those words.

“I agree with the last part. Except for that, everything else is the opposite. I hate you that much.”

Chung Myung extended his sword straight and aimed it at Jang Ilso.

“So, I will kill you right now, you damned bastard!”

Jang Ilso lowered his hand. He suddenly returned a neat smile to his face and tilted his head.

“So strange. You are a very smart kid. Excessively, sometimes creepily smart. You probably know a guy like you can’t defeat me on your own.”

The ring tightly fitted on Jang Ilso’s hand rubbed against the sword, making an eerie sound.

“But why do you insist on inviting death?”

“You speak like an idiot.”

Chung Myung chuckled and looked at Jang Ilso with sharp eyes.

“You know the answer, right?”

Chung Myung’s cold eyes met Jang Ilso’s soft gaze, creating a tense atmosphere.

“Yes, I know. I know so well.”

“I asked such a stupid question. I was foolish. That is what it means to rise. It isn’t about defeating an opponent you can beat; it is about bringing down an opponent you cannot beat. Even if it means biting their ankles, sticking poisoned daggers, or pouring oil onto them.”

An eerie voice emerged from his lips.

“That is how one goes up. There is no other way but that.”

“You know me so well.”

Chung Myung thought while smiling.

This was why he hated Jang Ilso so much.

He was so easy to talk to, yet at the same time, incomprehensible. It would be even more amazing if one could like someone with both qualities in them.

“It wouldn’t be a bad idea for me to be your mountain. Welcome. Let’s have fun.”

Chung Myung held up two fingers.

“Let me correct two things.”

“First. A mountain? Don’t speak so arrogantly. There’s no way a bastard like you can be a mountain in my path.”

“Hahaha. Haha. Right, right!”

“Who says I am alone?”

At that moment, four people leaped from under the cliff simultaneously.

Baek Cheon, Yu Yiseol, Yoon Jong, and Jo Gul positioned themselves beside Chung Myung without delay, exuding killing intent toward Jang Ilso.

Chung Myung cracked his neck on both sides.

“It might be hard for you to understand, but the fights I have been fighting so far have been my fights. They have nothing to do with them.”

“But if the other person is you, if I try to take you down alone, these bastards will come for my neck.”

“That won’t happen.”

“… cut that arm too.”

“I will drink your blood.”

Jang Ilso burst into laughter as he saw the disciples of Mount Hua gritting their teeth at him.

“Still, I thought you were a tiger cub, but now that I see you, you are just another bastard. Doesn’t it seem like courage that comes from being in a group of dogs?”

Chung Myung chuckled, his eyes shining.

“No matter how many dogs gather together, they are still dogs. Even if you struggle, you won’t turn into a wolf.”

It was a mockery aimed at them, but instead of getting angry, Chung Myung laughed again after hearing those words.

“That isn’t bad either.”

On the other hand, Jang Ilso frowned. Chung Myung smiled, baring his teeth.

“… is there any other death that suits you better than being bitten by a dog?”

Jo Gul, who was listening next to him, chuckled and said.

“It will be a dog’s death.”

“And even that is a luxury.”

“I will cut off his head.”

A strange expression flashed across Jang Ilso’s face as he saw the Five Swords talking so loudly in front of him, the Hegemony Lord.

‘These people are strange.’

Jang Ilso’s presence came not just from his strength. No matter how famous they were, if one met him, they would inevitably shudder.

But, in the face of Jang Ilso and receiving his hostility, they didn’t even flinch.

No, it wasn’t a bluff, but even if it was, it was amazing.

The bravado of sticking one’s head into the tiger’s mouth wasn’t something anyone could pull off.

“Surely, it is a unique sect. Mount Hua…”

Jang Ilso glanced down at the cliff. Now time had dragged on enough.

“Then cut off my head. Don’t just speak with your mouth.”

“I was going to do that anyway!”

Chung Myung stepped ahead.

“Be careful. It is an instant death!”

“Don’t jump in just because you see a gap! That is a snake with ten heads. If you jump in because you see a gap, you will get bitten by those fangs!”

Even when dealing with the high priest, Chung Myung had never given them such instructions. In other words, this meant that Chung Myung was evaluating Jang Ilso as being above the high priest.

This implied that it was a battle that couldn’t guarantee victory even if he led them, and this was someone who had grown stronger than before.

The bodies of the Five Swords felt tense.

Hegemony Lord Jang Ilso. That exalted name was now before them. Not far above, but within reach of their swords!

“Here I come! Bite and kill me!”

The Five Swords kicked off the ground simultaneously. The mad dogs of Mount Hua charged toward the tiger before them.

To the wild beast that defied common sense, and for which it seemed more fitting to call a monster than a tiger. Without a single hesitation!

The sword of Chung Myung, which struck first, flew in a straight line toward Jang Ilso.

A sword that flashed like lightning. A sword without any finesse. Therefore, it was faster and swifter than any other sword.

The sword flew at incredible speed, aiming to cut off Jang Ilso’s head.

Jang Ilso, swinging his sword at once, struck down the flying sword, smiled brightly, and aimed for Chung Myung’s head. But instead of blocking or retreating, Chung Myung moved even closer into Jang Ilso’s arms.

At that moment, two swords came between Chung Myung’s head and Jang Ilso’s hands.

Baek Cheon and Yu Yiseol’s swords blocked Jang Ilso’s hand, which was targeting Chung Myung’s head.

Chung Myung leaped into Jang Ilso’s arms without the slightest hesitation, as if anticipating this, and unleashed his sword at Jang Ilso’s chest.

Sword qi began to pour out like a shower.

Jang Ilso let out a small exclamation and leaned his body slightly backward.

In the blink of an eye, Jang Ilso’s hand and Chung Myung’s sword clashed a dozen times in the air. Even Baek Cheon and Yu Yiseol couldn’t see the flashes with their own eyes; all they could perceive was something gray moving.

The hem of Jang Ilso’s shoulder was cut off, and simultaneously, a handful of flesh was torn from Chung Myung’s side.

But at that moment, Yoon Jong and Jo Gul, who followed behind Chung Myung, thrust their swords under both of Chung Myung’s arms.

Jo Gul’s swift sword unfolded dozens of Sword Qi, while Yoon Jong’s sharp sword met with Jang Ilso’s hand aimed at Chung Myung.

Baek Cheon and Yu Yiseol didn’t wait and watch.

Although they didn’t even exchange glances, they moved simultaneously as one body.

Baek Cheon lowered his form and rushed down as if crawling on the floor, while Yu Yiseol jumped over Chung Myung’s head and quickly flew toward Jang Ilso.

Red Plum Blossoms spread like blood drops and swept over the body of Jang Ilso.

Jang Ilso’s eyes changed entirely.

A dark blue qi appeared in both hands and shot up like a flame.

The plum blossom sword qi that flew in collided with Jang Ilso’s qi and shattered instantly. Jang Ilso’s eyes followed Yu Yiseol, who jumped in the air, like a hawk.

Just as Jang Ilso’s hand was about to swing, Chung Myung jumped to the floor and kicked Jang Ilso in the head with his knee.

Jang Ilso’s wrist and Chung Myung’s knee, which quickly blocked the attack, collided. Jang Ilso swiftly twisted his wrist and thrust ten qi movements at Chung Myung.

Jang Ilso’s qi and Chung Myung’s sword constantly clashed. Every time a clash occurred, Chung Myung’s body was pushed back, helplessly.

At that moment, Jo Gul and Yoon Jong grabbed Chung Myung’s back and planted their feet firmly on the ground.

The sword of Chung Myung stuck on the floor, was dragged back, leaving a scar like a worm on the ground. However, he managed to hold on without falling off the cliff.

At that moment, Yu Yiseol landed in front of Chung Myung and displayed her fierceness towards Jang Ilso, like a poisonous wild cat. Simultaneously, Baek Cheon flew right behind him to protect Chung Myung, aiming his sword at Jang Ilso.

A trickle of blood flowed down his white cheek.

Jang Ilso lifted his finger to wipe the blood from his face and traced it to his lips.

Blood-red lips, no, Jang Ilso’s lips, literally stained in blood, opened with his white teeth revealed.

“Amazing, Mount Hua.”

At that moment, a mountain-like pressure began to weigh on the Five Swords’ shoulders.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.