Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Red Plum Blossoms bloomed on the cliff.

The qi emanating from the tip of Baek Cheon’s sword made this red flower bloom in the wind flowing over the cliff.

Baek Cheon’s eyes contorted as he channeled his internal qi into it.

Had there ever been a time before when he put so much effort into drawing the plum blossoms? This plum blossom, infinitely elaborate and eerily vivid, contained everything that Baek Cheon had accumulated so far.

The blue-enhanced qi soared above the Plum Blossoms of Baek Cheon. A blue so deep that it seemed to freeze the heart, it bit into the plum blossoms like a huge wave.

The plum blossoms, which finally bloomed after overcoming the cold winter, withstanding the scorching sun, and enduring the blowing strong winds, were helplessly and cruelly destroyed in the face of the oncoming waves.

Baek Cheon distorted his face.

But that wasn’t everything. The green-blue qi that crushed all the plum blossoms fluttered like a snake’s tongue and then extended toward Baek Cheon.

It seemed like the will at play was lacking, and he shuddered at the deep malice lurking in that qi.

The Plum Blossom Sword, which had been pushed in with all his qi, collided with this qi.

A groan that couldn’t be suppressed escaped Baek Cheon’s mouth.

It felt like his grip would be torn apart. The amount of qi in that enhanced qi far exceeded Baek Cheon’s expectations.

But at that moment, the blue-enhanced qi covering the Plum Blossom Sword trembled and writhed as if it had life, rushing toward Baek Cheon, completely surrounding the sword.

A trained body moved faster than the mind. Baek Cheon rolled on the ground as if he had fallen. The enhanced qi passed above him.

Sweat poured down his face like rain.

‘I feel like the qi is alive!’

What terrifying skill was it? While clashing swords with internal qi, the enemy converted it into an attack.

Of course, not an impossible task.

But wasn’t Jang Ilso fighting not just Baek Cheon now?

Baek Cheon, who had stuck his sword in the ground, quickly stood up. Without a moment’s hesitation, he kicked off the ground and rushed straight towards Jang Ilso.

When the sword stopped, the qi meant for him would target the sahyung-sajaes. That was absolutely unacceptable.

He knew. He had just evaded death.

If he had been a moment late in rolling over, he would now be covered in blood and cooling down.

Dying wasn’t scary. What was truly scary was witnessing those who survived and died with their own eyes.

That was how Baek Cheon of Mount Hua lived.

At that moment, he could clearly see Chung Myung flying towards Jang Ilso like an arrow.

The surge of enhanced qi enveloped Chung Myung. But at that moment, Chung Myung’s sword unfolded into plum blossoms. Each one was vivid, as if alive.

But more overwhelming than its beauty was its scale. It was difficult to follow a single flower in the forest of plum blossoms that bloomed like clouds in an instant.

The blue force and the clear plum blossoms, which soared like flames, intertwined in the air.

At that moment, Chung Myung slightly lifted his body into the air. He lowered the plum blossom sword qi and Jang Ilso’s force, pushing them together.

Having lost the qi, he rushed ahead naturally but swiftly, like flowing water.

But Jang Ilso was running towards him as if he had anticipated Chung Myung’s move.

Jang Ilso unfolded his arms wide, and his wide sleeves flapped like red wings.

A slash like a beam of light followed.

The moment Chung Myung’s sword, with its red qi, flew in, Jang Ilso’s floating sleeve sharpened like a sword.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

Jang Ilso’s sleeve and Chung Myung’s sword collided in the air. The sleeve and the sword touched, but strangely enough, it was like swords colliding with one another.

Jang Ilso stopped speaking and shook his head. The sword of Chung Myung passed right next to his face with terrifying force.

The extended sword was quick and strong, stopping in the air as if it were a lie, then gently turned around and aimed at Jang Ilso’s neck.

Jang Ilso’s waist tilted back. The sword of Chung Myung passed right in front of his nose. No, he thought it was passing by.

The sword of Chung Myung stopped again and changed direction in the air with the intent to strike down Jang Ilso.

Jang Ilso was shocked. His body accelerated toward the ground.

Jang Ilso, who hit the ground with his hand, turned to the side and quickly spun in the air, dodging Chung Myung’s sword. At the same time, his feet fired dozens of kicks toward Chung Myung.

Kwang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Chung Myung quickly raised his sword and blocked all the flying kicks. But every time they made contact, his body was pushed back one inch.

And Jo Gul, with Yoon Jong, didn’t miss the chance he created.

Jo Gul flew in like a swift sword and slashed his sword at Jang Ilso, who was still in the air. At the same time, Yoon Jong rushed from the other side and covered Jang Ilso with plum blossoms.

Jang Ilso’s bracelet and Jo Gul’s sword collided. Jo Gul bounced back faster than the speed he ran to attack. At the same time, the plum blossoms covering Jang Ilso from the other side became entangled with blue flames emitted by Jang Ilso.

Yoon Jong was violently pushed back. Blood splashed from his mouth and trickled down his chin.

The very moment Jang Ilso landed on the ground.

Yu Yiseol appeared behind Jang Ilso like a ghost and drew her sword out.

Jang Ilso’s body suddenly turned violently to the side.

Yu Yiseol’s sword passed through Jang Ilso’s bent waist. However, Yu Yiseol seemed to have anticipated this, as she quickly retrieved her sword and swung it dozens of times in succession.

Jang Ilso’s hand blocked Yu Yiseol’s stabbing sword without missing a single point. The metallic sounds continued to ring like music.

At the moment when the final thrust and Jang Ilso’s outstretched hand collided head-on, Yu Yiseol, unable to withstand the shock, was thrown back and rolled to the floor.

Jang Ilso slowly lowered his head and looked at his hands.

Both eyes were slightly distorted.

There was red blood.

Of course, it wasn’t a serious wound, but the fact that his hand was cut was significant.

The moment when Yu Yiseol was thrown back, she twisted her sword and cut Jang Ilso’s hand.

It was persistence that was truly ferocious.

This was something that could never be attempted unless one was willing to exchange a drop of Jang Ilso’s blood for their own flesh.

“… it isn’t about losing face.”

It wasn’t just his hand.

His clothes were cut and tattered here and there. His hair, which had been neatly organized, was also tangled.

People inherently had their own aesthetics.

It wasn’t the beautiful scene he had pictured, standing here looking like this, where he was supposed to be toying with them as if they were his prey.

That was when a sharp sound caught his attention.

When he turned his head, he saw Chung Myung coming towards him, scraping the floor with a dangling sword.

“How does it feel to get bitten by a dog?”

Jang Ilso twitched the corner of his mouth and answered.

“Although you are a member of the Justice Factions, you work together and look proud. Is this even right?”

“Hearing something like that from a guy who pours oil and uses gunpowder makes me feel so embarrassed that I want to puke.”

Jang Ilso showed his fangs.

Clearly, these were quite a dangerous pack of wild dogs. Tigers sometimes died from being bitten by wolves, and if they were unlucky, they could even get mauled by a pack of wild dogs.

“Even if there weren’t five dogs but a thousand, they wouldn’t deal with me. Do you know what the reason is?”

“Because there is a very easy relative method.”

At that moment, an evil light poured from Jang Ilso’s eyes.

Jang Ilso rushed towards Chung Myung with terrifying speed. The speed was so great that it made Jang Ilso’s body appear as just a single red line.

Jang Ilso, who rushed ahead in a single moment, struck Chung Myung with a bizarre smile on his face.

Blue flames spewed from Jang Ilso’s robe and attacked Chung Myung. Chung Myung threw his body back without delay, but Jang Ilso hit the ground and caught up faster.

Behind him, the ground where Jang Ilso hit exploded. However, their bodies had moved a long time ago.

Chung Myung leaped back and thrust his sword at Jang Ilso, who was chasing him.

Dozens of blades of sword qi were released at once, aiming to pierce Jang Ilso’s body. But before the swords were fully extended, they collided with the enhanced qi created by Jang Ilso.

The sleeve that blocked the sword Qi made him reveal his teeth and twist his wrist. Chung Myung’s sword, which was aiming for Jang Ilso’s neck, scratched the bracelet and went off to the side.

Without missing that moment, Jang Ilso threw away his sword and unleashed three blows at Chung Myung’s wide-open chest.

Chung Myung, doing his best to use his left hand to employ the plum blossom technique, quickly blocked Jang Ilso’s incoming attack.

One punch twisted the wrist.

The moment his fist collided with the sword, his left hand couldn’t withstand the force and was pushed back, striking his own chest.

Jang Ilso’s fist exploded against the hand, blocking the path to Chung Myung’s chest causing him to cough up blood.

Chung Myung, who had been retreating constantly, suddenly kicked the ground, changed direction, and rushed forward.

Chung Myung’s body rolled on the ground and bounced to the side. It was as if Jang Ilso anticipated Chung Myung’s reaction and jumped in that direction.

“So easy to understand. Really!”

Just as Jang Ilso was about to rush at Chung Myung, who hadn’t regained his balance, Yu Yiseol and Baek Cheon, who had been following him, leaped up and unleashed the plum blossoms towards Jang Ilso’s back.

However, instead of turning to defend, Jang Ilso continued his charge at Chung Myung, releasing enhanced qi strikes behind him. The lack of precision created an opening, and the plum blossom sword qi pierced through the strikes and lodged into his back.

It was an attack he could have avoided if he wanted to. But Jang Ilso didn’t even glance back. His eyes were fixed on one thing.

Jang Ilso hit the ground hard and swung his hand, attacking Chung Myung, who was barely able to stand. He clashed head-on with Chung Myung’s sword, ready for the confrontation.

The Dark Fragrant Plum Blossom Sword bent precariously as if it would break, and Chung Myung was pushed backward. The fingernails, enhanced with qi, extended in front of his face, drawing lines across it.

In an instant, streams of blood appeared on Chung Myung’s face.

Jang Ilso burst into laughter and continued to push Chung Myung forward.

Chung Myung’s body, propelled by that force, was quickly pushed off the cliff. As if Jang Ilso wasn’t satisfied with that, he chased after and threw Chung Myung off the cliff.

The two individuals, one wielding a sword and the other using his hands, began to fall off the cliff simultaneously.

Madness and hostility seethed like lava in the eyes of the two as they tangled together and plummeted downward.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.