Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The feet didn’t touch the ground. The body was falling at an eerie pace.

But neither of them paid any attention to that.

Chung Myung’s sword split into a dozen forms. Each sword was filled with killing intent, all aimed at Jang Ilso.

For a moment, Jang Ilso’s sneer was met with tremendous power.

Jang Ilso’s hand swung in one motion and tore apart the flying sword qi. At the same time, he quickly rushed in, aiming for Chung Myung.

He couldn’t back down.

This wasn’t a place where feet touched the ground. No matter how great his abilities were, he couldn’t move freely in the air while falling.

The boldness of Chung Myung and the foundation of all courage were bound to be halved in this position.

But there was no hesitation in Chung Myung’s eyes.

He stretched out his sword towards Jang Ilso, who was flying at him as if he would take his breath away at any moment.

The sword struck with a sound like it was piercing metal. But this alone couldn’t block Jang Ilso’s attacks.

Chung Myung’s sword began to tremble from the handle. The small vibration grew louder, and soon, the entire sword shook left and right.

The sword swung in one swipe, expanding the force of Jang Ilso and eventually tearing it to pieces.

Jang Ilso was shocked.

This wasn’t something even skilled people would have ever seen before. Was it possible in reality to cut through enhanced qi like this?

But he didn’t have time to be surprised.

The tip of Chung Myung’s sword, which had deflected it, was drawing out small plum blossoms at that moment. As if time had sped up, the plum blossoms, which had bloomed at a blinding speed, rushed to Jang Ilso’s face.

A small, humble flower.

But what was inside was even more fatal. Jang Ilso didn’t dare to downplay this and waved his hand to block them.

Jang Ilso grabbed the plum blossoms and crushed them. In the face of overwhelming violence, the flowers seemed delicate and insignificant.

But at that moment, Jang Ilso saw three flowers flying again.

Some were fast and swift, others were soft and fluid, and still others were powerful.

They were all the same, yet they were never the same flower.

In this case, Jang Ilso swung his hand at once, and all three flowers were torn apart. His strength, like a blue flame, burned the crushed flowers to a pale blue color.

But that wasn’t all.

Immediately after that, Jang Ilso saw twelve flying flowers.

And after that, more flowers bloomed.

Dozens, hundreds of flowers. And in the end, thousands of flowers.

In the air of this terrible valley where not a single blade of grass could be found, this sword qi, like red plum blossoms, bloomed in abundance.

The Plum Blossom Sword Movement’s Plum Blossom Chaotic Nine States.

The Plum Blossoms created by Chung Myung spread around the world.

Even Jang Ilso couldn’t help but let out a voice of awe in the face of this unique swordsmanship. All he could see were the plum blossoms.

Jang Ilso, with a ferocious killing intent, looked with shining eyes, clenching both fists. Immediately after, these black punches came.

A series of them, so many that he couldn’t make out individual ones.

The fists were thrown hundreds or thousands of times, covering the entire sky in blackness.

Sura’s Killing Fist, Array of Heavenly Thunder.

The distance was just five feet.

A distance one could reach if they just extended the sword. A distance where one could crush another with a punch.

At that distance, the cloud of flowers covering the sky and the clouds of lightning collided head-on.

Those who were desperately climbing the cliff also stopped their hands and feet and opened their mouths.

Those who were shooting arrows could no longer reach from below, and even the Mount Hua and Ten Thousand People Clan pushed each other away.

That scene even captured the attention of the sect leaders, who were fighting with everything they had.

Namgung Hwang’s eyes trembled.

This wasn’t a spectacle of nature.

Where in the world would one see lightning and flowers clash with one another?

“… Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon?”

A groan-like voice escaped from Namgung Hwang’s mouth.

It wasn’t shocking for Jang Ilso to be so strong. Due to the nature of the Evils Faction, only those who are strong survive.

If the Ten Thousand People Clan and Jang Ilso had been a little weaker, the other sects would have already absorbed them.

Jang Ilso was the one who created the Ten Thousand People Clan from among those ghosts seeking fights and raised them as one of the Shenzhou Five Clans.

That is why he is called the Hegemony Lord.

Suppose the Ten Thousand People Clan’s strength had been even a little stronger than it was now. In that case, no one might have been able to deny the fact that Jang Ilso was the foremost among the Evil Faction leaders.

But Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon was different.

‘How did that guy match against the Hegemony Lord?’

It made no sense to say they were equal.

But there was no way he could deny what he was seeing. Right now, Chung Myung was clearly fighting on equal footing with Jang Ilso.

It seemed as if those countless flowers were sucking away Namgung Hwang’s soul.

‘What is that sword…’

This sword was the Plum Blossom Sword of Mount Hua, recreated in Kangho for the first time in 100 years.

The lightning and flowers caused a huge explosion. Torn lightning and crushed flowers flew all around, and Chung Myung and Jang Ilso were thrown back at the same time.

The disciples of the Nine Great Sects screamed at the fearful fragments of qi that attacked them.

In the meantime, some people, unable to take their eyes off the fierce battle, saw it clearly.

Chung Myung and Jang Ilso were thrown back but then kicked the air as if it were solid ground and rushed toward one another faster than the speed at which they had bounced off.

The slashing sword of Chung Myung and the back of Jang Ilso’s hand, which he swung in reverse, collided in the air.

Both the sword and the hand were pushed away.

Hands trembling, and a sword creaking as if it might break at any moment.

Amid that heated collision, Jang Ilso and Chung Myung’s eyes met more violently than the clash of their weapons.

Plea and disgust. Instinct and reason.

A seething gaze, which couldn’t be defined as one thing, was directed aggressively toward the other.

The two people’s bodies were touching, spinning violently, and falling down.

Jang Ilso mumbled as if growling, his white face contorted.

‘Is he getting stronger?’

So what he saw on the cliff wasn’t everything?

Chung Myung’s sword pushed Jang Ilso’s hand violently.

The internal qi of Chung Myung, which had developed resistance to opposing attacks, was swirling explosively within his body—a sensation never felt since he was reborn into the world.

Chung Myung’s teeth clenched together. Blood poured out, and his muscles screamed within his body.

Seeing Chung Myung’s expression, Jang Ilso ended up laughing.

Jang Ilso pushed Chung Myung away at once.

He kicked into the air and flew faster than Chung Myung, who was pushed far, closing the distance in an instant.

At that moment, Chung Myung, with his feet on the cliff, released his Plum Blossom and widened the distance to avoid the flying Jang Ilso.

One hit from Jang Ilso struck that exact spot, and the cliff caved inward.

The cliff, which received the fist of Jang Ilso, shook as if it were experiencing an earthquake. The broken rock fell and crashed below.

Meanwhile, Chung Myung and Jang Ilso raced along the cliff, their fists and swords aimed at each other, moving faster than the rocks hitting the ground.

Dozens of sword qi poured down like rain, and hundreds of plum blossoms bloomed like clouds. Everywhere the two passed, scars appeared as if scratched by a massive rake.

It was a sight reminiscent of a dragon crawling along the cliff.

At that moment, Chung Myung’s sword carved a wound on Jang Ilso’s shoulder.

And Jang Ilso’s fist struck Chung Myung in the side.

Both were becoming more intense.

Before he realized it, Chung Myung, whose entire face was covered in blood, was laughing, showing his equally red teeth. There wasn’t the slightest trace of Taoist serenity on his face, which radiated intense killing intent.

The same was true for Jang Ilso.

The corners of his lips turned up, his face filled with excitement and madness.

Chung Myung, hit directly by Jang Ilso’s fist, fell through the cliff and was driven inside.

Baek Cheon, who witnessed this, let out a heart-wrenching scream. But before his screams could even end, Chung Myung burst through the cliff, slashing his sword at Jang Ilso.

Jang Ilso crossed his hands to block the blow, but at that moment, Chung Myung’s foot, moving like a beam of light, struck Jang Ilso in the chin.

Jang Ilso’s body bounced back like a cannonball. The sun rising in the sky was captured in Jang Ilso’s eyes as he was thrown off the cliff and bounced back into the air.

How long has it been?

To see the sun bending over because of someone else’s strength.

Jang Ilso attempted to kick over and turn in the air. However, the body of Chung Myung flew at a faster speed than anticipated and struck him immediately.

Chung Myung, having sent him into the center of the area, lost his footing and shouted without delay.

As if on cue, a golden qi surged from below.

Chung Myung descended, stepped on the qi, and rushed towards Jang Ilso. The tip of his Dark Fragrant Plum Blossom soared as if it would pierce the sky.

The tip of the sword trembled slightly, drawing numerous plum blossom flowers. The plum blossoms Chung Myung conjured were in full bloom, forming a thousand petals that swirled in the sky.

All the flower petals descended at once towards Jang Ilso.

Plum Blossom Sword Movement, Heavy Rain of Plum Blossom.

Flowers rained from the sky. It was a deluge that swept away everything and purified the world.

Insanity flared in Jang Ilso’s eyes as he witnessed the rain of flowers approaching. For the first time, composure vanished entirely from his face.

“You insolent bastard!”

His fist swelled as if it would explode, and a bright blue light erupted from his eyes like lightning. Simultaneously, blue flames erupted around his body.

Blue Flame Chaotic Killing. Broken Soul Flame.

Blue flames, fluttering like a snake’s tongue, enveloped Jang Ilso’s entire body and blocked the plum blossom qi.

The plum blossom sword continuously struck the blue-enhanced qi created by Jang Ilso.

If ten times didn’t work, then try a hundred times.

If it didn’t work out a hundred times, then a thousand times.

If a thousand times wasn’t enough, smash it to pieces at least 10,000 times.

Every river started from a drop. The water drops came together to form a small stream and, ultimately, the ocean.

The pouring rain became a river and waterfall, weighing down Jang Ilso.

Jang Ilso’s body was pushed back to the cliff by the plum blossom sword qi, digging deeper and deeper into the rock.

Jang Ilso’s eyes turned red, and the whites of his eyes also turned red.

“This… this little brat…!”

Chung Myung, using every last bit of his remaining strength, moved like a meteor towards Jang Ilso.

Chung Myung and Jang Ilso broke through the cliff and dug inwards.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.