Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The rock exploded and flew in all directions. The impact shook the cliff as if it might collapse at any moment.

“I am falling! ACKK!”

The disciples of the Nine Great Sects, who were hanging on, screamed and held on tightly to the rocking cliff like a ship in a storm.

Some people were already unable to overcome the shock and got thrown off the cliff or fell below.

But now, no one dared to fix or help the fallen ones because something bigger was waiting for them.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Jin Hyun’s eyes were wide open.

Cracks like spider webs were spreading out on the cliff near where Jang Ilso and Chung Myung were buried.

‘Ah, it is falling apart….’

Everyone stopped breathing.

Soon, the entire upper rock fell off the cliff.

The moment he encountered the sight of a rock larger than a typical temple slowly tilting and sliding off the cliff, all the hair on his body stood up, making his spine tingle. His entire body was warning him to run.

The rocks leaning ahead blocked the sun and cast a dark, long shadow down the cliff.

When the rock finally began to fall, everyone screamed.

It was a cry of instinct, not of reason.

The elders of each sect all jumped to the rock with thoughtful expressions on their faces.

If something like this rolled off a cliff, at least 30% of the disciples hanging below would die in an instant. They didn’t crawl all this way to see such a scene.

Sword qi, blade qi, and fist.

Countless white, blue, and yellow qi poured at the falling rock.

The huge rock was crushed under a terrible attack. However, it was impossible to destroy such a large chunk of rock in a short period.

“Get out of the way!”

At that moment, Namgung Hwang and Byeop Gye put aside their enemy, jumped in front of the cliff, and shouted.

Namgung Hwang’s sword was shining white already.

The Blue Sky Unobstructed Cultivation, developed to its peak, gathered all the internal qi and channeled it into the sword.

Emperor’s Sword Form, Emperor’s Presence!

Namgung Hwang screamed at the top of his lungs and swung the sword violently.

A massive sword of unbelievable size was created by the man and surged from the tip of Namgung Hwang’s sword.

The moment this white sword qi was halfway embedded in the rock, a white light erupted from beneath Namgung Hwang.

As he crossed his legs in the air, a dazzling golden light burst from his entire body.

The light gradually took form, soon enveloping Byeop Gye’s body, creating the shape of a giant Buddha.

“T-this is the great strength of Prajna!”

“The e-elder is displaying it!”

Even before the surprised looks of the Shaolin disciples could subside, a loud roaring sound emanated from the technique. Simultaneously, the golden figure enveloping the body moved towards the rock.

With a sound like a massive rock colliding with another, the falling rock suddenly lost its momentum and stopped in midair.

Cracks spread from the bottom of the rock and soon enveloped the entire area. And then…

The rocks shattered into pieces and began to rain down. The sight of rocks, each as small as a person or as large as a house, pouring down overhead instilled a different kind of fear than before.

The elders of Wudang, who were waiting, all drew a circle in the air. White and black sword qi intertwined with each other. A dozen rough shapes of Taiji colors filled the space.

Shaolin and Namgung did not just stand by.

The force exuded by Shaolin’s fists and Namgung’s sword qi repeatedly broke, split, and crushed the falling rocks.

They even mustered the strength reserved for basic purposes.

If they took a lot of damage here, there was no future even after climbing up the cliff. Because everyone knew that they weren’t conserving a single bit of strength.

Jin Hyun’s head was hit by the falling stone, and thick blood flowed down his face.

Jin Hyun’s eyes were filled with fear.

What was this place? What was happening?

When he looked up, he could no longer see any light. All he could see were the falling rocks covering the sky and the deadly killing intent.

Even at that moment, those hit by the rain of rocks fell helplessly to the bottom, out of reach. Jin Hyun’s tears mixed with blood, turning red like bloody tears.

His tightly bitten lip was torn, showing blood.

“What the hell is this bastard doing! This damn bastard!”

He burst out into anger that couldn’t be controlled.

He thought he could accomplish anything if he learned to use a sword, learned martial arts, and became strong. He thought that the only thing that separates life and death is the sword and martial arts of the body.

But all of it turned out to be a naïve illusion.

The devil lived on the battlefield. The devil devoured everything. The devil simply devoured the person caught in war, regardless of what he or she had lived or what they thought.

His sahyung sajaes who fell down there couldn’t even swing the sword they mastered.

In the face of this evil around the cliff, even the military knowledge they learned and accumulated over their lifespan seemed meaningless.

And it didn’t just apply to him.

“S-spare me! Save me!”

The Evil Faction people on top of the cliff were also swept away by the force of collision around them, falling one after another.

Those who should be called the enemies. No, now they were more hateful than anyone else in the world.

But the moment Jin Hyun made eye contact with the falling Ten Thousand People Clan, who was screaming, he instinctively closed his eyes tightly.

Human life wasn’t worth even a penny on the battlefield. The battlefield was a place where humans could not even die as humans.

At that moment, Namgung Hwang’s voice burst out like thunder.

“Now is the last chance! Climb up! Go up now! If we get attacked more, we will not be able to endure it! Climb up! NOWWWWW!”

Jin Hyun’s hand, which instinctively gained strength, dug into the cliff.

If one wanted to die as a person, one needed to climb up the cliff.

Jin Hyun gritted his teeth, making an eerie sound, and his red bloodshot eyes stared.

‘I need to survive.’

By any means necessary!

Another rock fell and hit his head, but he didn’t even blink.

He just grabbed the cliff with his broken fingernails, gritted his teeth, and climbed up.

Baek Cheon’s voice trembled. His eyes, looking down, also wavered as if they had nowhere to focus.

The place where they were fighting a moment ago had vanished without a trace. It collapsed as a result of the clashes between Jang Ilso and Chung Myung.

Below was literal hell. But that shocking sight didn’t reach Baek Cheon’s eyes at all.

“Chung… Chung Myung…”

The cliff collapsed.

Then what about Chung Myung, who was under the cliff?

Baek Cheon, who was looking down in confusion with aimless, shaking eyes, shouted.

“D-Damn it! Go down!”

Baek Cheon jumped up only to be caught by Jo Gul.

“Let go! Let go, you bastard!”

“Not now! It might collapse again!”

“You will die! Don’t say that you want to die!”

“So what do I do! You fucking bastard, let me go!”

Baek Cheon swung his arm and struck Jo Gul with all his might. Jo Gul’s head suddenly turned with a popping sound, but Baek Cheon held Jo Gul’s hand firmly.

Yoon Jong rushed over to help Jo Gul and grabbed Baek Cheon.

Baek Cheon’s eyes were red.

Seeing that threatening killing intent, Yoon Jong chewed his lips and coldly shouted.

“Sasuk isn’t the only one upset! But you need to be more cool-headed now. He isn’t the kind of person to die from something like this!”

“Just a little more, this situation…”

Seeing the killing gaze of Baek Cheon, Yoon Jong’s words slowly slurred away.

How could Yoon Jong not know?

This was all faith with no answer. No matter how strong Chung Myung was, if he was caught in a rockfall, it wouldn’t be easy to come out alive.

‘That damned bastard!’

At that moment, a person approached the cliff with a calm pace.

“No, why is this guy like that! I am going insane!”

It was at the moment when Yu Yiseol, without an expression, was about to jump without regrets.

Her steps stopped with a single vibration. Her gaze was directed not to the bottom of the cliff but to her feet.

Yu Yiseol, who was looking down at her feet, stepped back.

At that moment, the place where she previously stood exploded, and a person rose up from below. Yu Yiseol grabbed this person’s half-raised hand and immediately pulled the body up.

“CHUNG MYUNGGGG! YOU FUCKING BASTARDDD!”

The remaining Five Swords screamed at the top of their lungs and ran to Chung Myung, who had come up.

“This… this fucking… dirt!”

It was a true mess. There was no other way to explain it.

The face of Chung Myung, which broke through the ground, didn’t belong to a person.

His face was covered in blood from cuts that had been drawn to the side, and his shirt was entirely torn off, revealing the black, bruised skin as if he had died.

The flesh appeared dented in places, exposing the redness beneath, and his pants were soaked with blood flowing down.

Baek Cheon rushed over and grabbed Chung Myung by the shoulder.

“C-Chung Myung! Are you alright?”

“Soso! Damn it! Someone get Soso right now…”

At that moment, Chung Myung opened his eyes and mouth.

“R-right! Chung Myung…”

“Move out of my way.”

At that moment, Chung Myung pushed Baek Cheon aside and straightened his waist.

While he was half-conscious, he walked ahead unsteadily, holding onto his blade, never letting it go.

Baek Cheon closed his mouth.

This was because he saw the eyes of Chung Myung shining with a scary killing intent. The saying that even if the body died, the eyes did not die seemed to be right for this situation.

But that wasn’t why Baek Cheon kept silent.

The fact that killing intent was evident in Chung Myung’s eyes meant one thing.

At that moment, the ground in front of them exploded.

Rocks and dust surged like a waterfall blowing back, causing the cliff to tremble once again as if it would collapse.

Mud rain poured over them.

The soft voice that came from within pierced Baek Cheon’s ears strangely and made his heart go still.

When the dust settled, a man was standing there.

The crown was lost. His hair, which was always neatly done to the point of obsessiveness, had become scattered and fluttered like a lion’s mane whenever the wind blew.

But even that appearance didn’t harm his dignity. Rather, his wild nature, usually invisible, had now emerged like a starving animal.

The man grabbed the hem of his clothes, which had become rags, and tore them off. Then, the man’s upper body, covered in countless scars, was revealed.

Baek Cheon forgot to breathe for a moment.

Jang Ilso, who looked very different, opened his mouth wide and laughed, showing his blood-soaked teeth. His eyes, visible through his hair, shone with madness.

An eerie growl-like voice, similar to that of a wounded animal, came forth.

“I don’t know how long it has been since I had someone entertain me like this.”

Baek Cheon instinctively rushed ahead as if to protect Chung Myung. But the hand holding the sword was trembling.

This man was very strong.

His soul seemed to twist in fear at the terror he was experiencing for the first time in his life. And yet, Baek Cheon didn’t stop moving forward.

At that moment, Chung Myung stepped forward and placed his hand on Baek Cheon’s shoulder.

Baek Cheon tried to dissuade him, but in the end, he couldn’t find anything to say and just closed his mouth.

Could he protect him?

Could he really protect Chung Myung from Jang Ilso?

Chung Myung, who spat out the blood filling his mouth, wiped the corners of his lips and grabbed his sword.

“… you seem to be mistaken.”

When Chung Myung opened his mouth, Jang Ilso looked at him eerily.

“I haven’t even started. This isn’t even a fight.”

Chung Myung’s sword was aimed at Jang Ilso.

The tip of the sword shook strangely as if it had lost all strength. However, the eyes of the person holding the sword were as cold and calm as the ice caves of the North Sea.

“I will show you what real fighting is, little one.”

“Ha… Kekeke…. Kekekeke….”

A soft laugh flowed from the mouth of Jang Ilso, who was silent.

His small laughter, which seemed to have come from the feeling of an empty heart, grew bigger and bigger, eventually turning into a huge light that shook the entire space, crushing the Five Swords.

“KUAHAHAHAHA! UHAHAHAHAHA!”

The madness in the laughter gripped the hearts of the Five Swords and shook them.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.