Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

His extended hand and clenched lips.

Everyone’s eyes were focused on Venerable Heo Do.

Not just the Five Swords but the entire Nine Great Sects in the back, and even the Evil Faction all looked at Venerable Heo Do with wide eyes.

Among them, the only one whose expression didn’t change was Jang Ilso.

Heavy breathing escaped from Venerable Heo Do’s mouth. He clenched the extended hand and withdrew it, wiping the sweat off his face.

“This… you insane bastard!”

Baek Cheon gritted his teeth, exuding a killing intent as if he would lunge at Venerable Heo Do at any moment.

“What have you done! WHAT DID YOU DO! YOU…!”

Baek Cheon’s mind was so full of anger that he shouted at Wudang’s sect leader.

But Venerable Heo Do showed no reaction to the shout. He just gave a glance and walked to Jang Ilso.

He had no grudge against Chung Myung.

No, even if there was a grudge, this wasn’t the time to resolve it. There was just one reason why Venerable Heo Do attacked Chung Myung.

It was because he couldn’t stand by and watch anyone attack Jang Ilso and turn this clifftop into a battlefield again.

Venerable Heo Do stood in front of Jang Ilso and then let out a deep sigh.

Even at this time, people were climbing up the cliff, their faces a mess, and eyes shaking in despair.

Venerable Heo Do bit his lip as he watched the scene unfold. Finally, he looked straight at Jang Ilso. Bloodshot eyes. Jang Ilso simply received those hateful eyes with a smile.

A lot of attention focused on those two.

“Hegemony Lord… no, Four Precepts Alliance.”

And in the midst of it, Venerable Heo Do spoke.

“The Great Wudang Sect’s…”

His voice was suppressed as if he was holding back something.

“As the sect leader of the Great Wudang Sect… no, on behalf of the Wudang and Justice faction…”

The lips of Jang Ilso curled into a smile.

The moment that wicked smile spread across Jang Ilso’s face, Venerable Heo Do said.

“… I ask for reconciliation with the Alliance.”

A hellish silence fell upon the cliff.

Everyone looked at Heo Do as if they couldn’t understand what he said.

‘What did I just hear now?’

Did he just say that? Wudang wanted to make peace with the Four Precepts Alliance?

Even though everyone heard it, not a single person understood it. The words of reconciliation between Wudang and the Evil Faction didn’t go well together. The faces of those who faced something they had never imagined before their eyes turned pale.

It was then that Jang Ilso broke the silence.

A soft nasal sound he made, like he was enjoying this moment.

He quietly looked at Venerable Heo Do and spoke in a voice mixed with laughter.

“I never would have thought such a thing would come out from the mouth of the noble Wudang sect leader. This is wonderful.”

Despite Jang Ilso’s taunts, Venerable Heo Do kept silent as if he would endure any humiliation.

“So… the conditions?”

Venerable Heo Do spat out.

“For the next year, the Five Great Families and the Nine Great Sects will not cross the Yangtze River. No, there will be no access to the Yangtze River. If only they make peace and let us cross!”

Only then did the desperate cry come out from Namgung Hwang’s mouth, who climbed up.

“Have you lost it? What are you talking about now?”

The anger welling up in his eyes seemed to overflow at any moment.

How could he say something like that without losing his sanity? The Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families making peace with the Evil Faction? This was something that changed the fundamentals of all the sects.

“Did you turn in fear? How dare you give in to those dirty people! And you are the sect leader of Wudang! Aren’t you embarrassed of yourself?”

Namgung Hwang’s voice was miserable, but Venerable Heo Do opened his mouth with an expression that didn’t even change.

Venerable Heo Do glared at Namgung Hwang with killing intent.

Even Namgung Hwang seemed terrified and closed his mouth. Even when facing the enemy a moment ago, Venerable Heo Do hadn’t glared with such eyes.

Venerable Heo Do moved.

No one could understand his intention, not even Beop Gye, who climbed up late.

“Sect leader! What are you even trying to do now? Shaolin will not sit idly by and watch you do this.”

His face was devastated.

With a chilling voice, Venerable Heo Do questioned Byeop Gye.

“So what if you don’t sit by and watch?”

Due to the force from Venerable Heo Do, Byeop Gye silently cried out in disapproval without even realizing it.

“Can you take responsibility?”

“I asked if you were confident that you would lose the disciples here and return to Shaolin and report to your abbot. No, can you handle the situation where you also might have to die with no one left to report? Can you take responsibility for that?”

Byeop Gye couldn’t respond.

Who in the world could take such responsibility? Moreover, he was an elder and not even an abbot. He couldn’t handle such a situation.

When Byeop Gye couldn’t answer, Venerable Heo Do coldly said,

“Do you not understand what I am saying?”

Venerable Heo Do growled.

“If you aren’t willing to take that responsibility and have no ability to resolve the situation, you should at least know when to shut up. What can be solved by barking like a dog?”

Blood flowed down his torn lip as he bit down on it.

What was the problem with that?

Now, here, his disciples were dying or alive. They had used up all their qi trying to climb the cliff; there was no way they could fend off the enemies now.

And even if they did overcome it, what would be left of them?

There would only be just a handful left. This would mean the end of Wudang.

Did it mean the extinction of Wudang in exchange for annihilating the Evil Faction?

‘Don’t make me laugh.’

If they drove out the Evil Faction and destroyed their own sect, the result would be shared among the remaining sects, Qingcheng, Shaolin, and Namgung, and Wudang would not regain their life or lose fame.

Just like Mount Hua of the past.

Mount Hua recovered its power miraculously, but there was no guarantee for Wudang to do that. No, as part of Wudang, he couldn’t even create a situation and hope for a miracle to happen.

“Reconciliation, Alliance Lord!”

Venerable Heo Do opened his mouth with red eyes.

“In return for it, I will sign a one-year non-aggression treaty. Those who stand for righteousness will not set foot in the Southlands for one year.”

Jang Ilso tilted his head at those words.

“The Southlands… I don’t know what you mean. The Southlands is already our land.”

“You know best that it isn’t true. Right?”

But Venerable Heo couldn’t calm down yet. He bit his lip nervously and desperately said,

“The Evil Faction is a hastily formed alliance now. If it takes more damage now, you will collapse in an instant. That is probably not what you want either.”

“One year would be enough time to reorganize the Four Precepts Alliance and entirely dominate the Southlands. Isn’t that right?”

Venerable Heo Do pressed Jang Ilso, making him wear an odd look.

“If not, we will have to fight here until we both destroy one another. Is that the outcome you want, that the two sides go extinct here?”

Jang Ilso smiled as if he had won at those words, his white teeth eerily exposed.

“I think you overestimate yourself.”

“At least I don’t want to give the other people a chance to take advantage.”

Jang Ilso laughed loudly.

Right. If they expanded all their strength, the rest of the Nine Great Sects would start to move and head south.

Even if the Evil Faction did win against these five sects, there was no way the sects who came after could be dealt with. Naturally, a cornered mouse would bite a cat too. Those who had been deprived of their strength would suffer miserably to the end.

“You are smart, Venerable Heo Do.”

“But… It is quite weak and mean. Ah, and you are wicked too. Right, like….”

A mocking remark was given to Venerable Heo Do.

“Like the Evil Faction.”

A feeling of extreme humiliation fell onto Venerable Heo Do. His body trembled. But he didn’t think of resisting the words. The one holding the sword hilt wasn’t him, but Jang Ilso.

“Right. I think I like you. Hahahahah! The sect leader of the great Wudang is begging for his life! Hahahahah!”

Jang Ilso laughed around.

The disciples of the Nine Great Sects standing on the cliff held back their anger and bit their lips.

It was because of extreme humiliation. No one could have imagined that they would end up begging for their lives to the Evil Faction, to live.

One had to fight and die.

That was the agreement, and that was what they learned. But no one could come forward and say that they would rather die.

It didn’t end when one person died. Fighting here meant death for all. Who would dare bear that weight?

“But… I need to know first.”

Jang Ilso stopped laughing and looked at Venerable Heo Do.

“Do you have what it takes? Do you have the strength to negotiate on behalf of the Justice faction and make them follow it?”

“If Wudang cannot, then no one can.”

“Because we live for a cause and die for a cause. And we cannot ignore the rule made in the name of Wudang and Shaolin. And if… Shaolin and Wudang, Namgung don’t step forward…”

He hesitated and then continued.

“No sect would dare step foot in the Southlands. The land ruled by the Four Precepts Alliance…”

Jang Ilso nodded as if it made sense.

“But what if that doesn’t stop?”

“… I will put my neck on the line.”

At those words, Venerable Heo Do clenched his fist tight enough to turn it white. His fingernails dug into his palms, and red blood dripped down the cracks in his fist.

“There is no way your life is worth anything, but when the sect of Wudang makes such a humble request, I feel pitiful for you and have no reason not to listen.”

“But be aware. This isn’t a non-aggression treaty but a non-negotiable, untouchable one. You are the ones who cannot cross the Yangtze River, and our Alliance isn’t restricted from crossing to the north of the Yangtze. And that period isn’t one year but will be three years.”

Venerable Heo Do’s eyes trembled.

Who could fully understand how he felt as he stood there with such pride? But Jang Ilso smiled as if everyone was looking at him.

“If you accept this…”

He spoke in a whisper and chuckled.

“I will take care of your miserable life so that you can return home alive.”

Venerable Heo Do looked back without saying a word.

The disciples of Wudang were gritting their teeth.

The courage in each of their eyes was shouting that he shouldn’t endure such humiliation, even if it meant death.

But what he had to do was already determined.

Venerable Heo Do’s hand slowly lifted.

His slightly trembling fingertips let everyone know his feelings. The trembling hands met in the air and formed a bow.

Venerable Heo Do, who slowly bowed towards Jang Ilso, lowered his head as if he couldn’t look at the sky and spoke in a whisper.

Jang Ilso nodded. Then he slowly turned to the people on the cliff. A loud and extremely harsh voice burst from his mouth.

“I, Jang Ilso, hereby declare in the name of the Four Precepts Alliance that the Nine Great Sects, the Five Great Families, and the Four Precepts Alliance have agreed to a non-aggression treaty in the Southlands for the next three years. Neither the Nine Great Sects nor the Five Great Families can set foot here! Instead…”

Jang Ilso traced his lips with his index finger and smiled.

“Go back alive. Save your miserable lives.”

Those words turned into daggers and pierced the hearts of everyone who had climbed the cliff.

Jang Ilso glanced at everyone and then turned around.

“Let’s go back. Seeing the losers is extremely painful to my eyes. Hahaha. HAHAHAHAHA!”

As if the rest were not worth his attention, he burst into laughter and walked away.

All of the disciples there couldn’t even raise their heads as they heard the laughter.

They wanted to blame, shout, and swear.

But they were truly aware of their shame.

No one stepped forward.

Even though something unimaginable was happening, no one got angry or raised their voice at Venerable Heo Do.

That was why they had no choice but to bow their heads.

“HAHAHAHAH! HAHAHAH!”

Tears of blood flowed from Venerable Heo Do’s eyes.

A defeat with no excuses.

A complete defeat that felt like a dagger being driven into his bone.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.