Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Only after Jang Ilso walked away did the Black Dragon King, who leisurely climbed up, move to him.

“I could have killed him.”

Namgung Hwang’s entire face was covered in sweat and blood.

“You will definitely die in my hands, Black Dragon King.”

“What can you do when you cannot even step on the Yangtze River?”

A sound similar to something being crushed came from the clenched teeth of Namgung Hwang. The Black Dragon King burst into laughter, seeing his opponent trembling, unable to hold back their anger.

“Showing off the pride by begging for your life and barely escaping! Right, actually, this is how the Justice Faction bastards are, hahaha!”

That was the end of his words. It would have been less shocking if he had made more explicit comments, but the Black Dragon King left with just laughter, ignoring Namgung Hwang.

The Desolate Gold Elder twitched the lips like mocking Venerable Heo Do.

“I did some extra business.”

While the Desolate Gold Elder said such words, the Thousand Face Scholar clicked his tongue.

“Tsk tsk. It is because you are so harsh.”

As Byeop Gye quietly chanted displeasure with a pale face, the Thousand Face Scholar bowed to Byeop Gye.

“I have learned a lot about Shaolin’s martial arts, elder.”

“…The Lower District sect’s martial arts are also… wonderful.”

“I hope we get to spar once again.”

The Thousand Face Scholar smiled bitterly. He added,

“You will have a hard time now. As you can see, our alliance lord is a tough person to handle.”

No one could respond.

Hegemony Lord, Jang Ilso.

Of course, they might have been those who ignored him until now, but starting today, the world’s view of him would change entirely.

It was clear that from this moment, no one would dare call anyone else other than Jang Ilso, the leader of the Evil Faction.

Finally, the Thousand Face Scholar turned.

The Four Precepts Alliance, who left with ridicule and laughter, began to descend the cliff without hesitation.

All that was left for those who remained was devastation.

It was only then that those who climbed the cliff realized they hadn’t been able to properly even face the leaders of the Evil Faction. Unlike their miserable appearance, there wasn’t a speck of dust on their clothes.

That caused greater humiliation.

Namgung Hwang, who was biting his lip, glared at those walking and turned to look at Venerable Heo Do.

The anger in his eyes was so cruel that it was hard to think they were allies.

“Do you know what you just did?”

“We survived by begging for our lives to the Evil Faction. No matter how you try to make up stuff to coat it like we are friends and shit, it doesn’t change a thing!”

Venerable Heo Do looked up at the sky without a word.

“How will you resolve this? How will you pick up the honor which fell to the ground, you damned bastard!”

Just as Namgung Hwang was about to shout again, Venerable Heo Do spoke.

“Then why didn’t you stop it?”

“I asked why you didn’t stop it.”

Namgung Hwang clenched his teeth, unable to respond.

“There were plenty of times to intervene. No, there was no need for you. Even if you led just one to attack, a war would have broken out again. Including the negotiations. Then I will ask.”

“Were you silent without knowing that?”

The hands of Namgung Hwang were shaking. It felt like his head was burning with anger.

“Did you say honor?”

Venerable Heo Do sneered.

“Don’t worry. Because I will take responsibility. You can criticize me all you want; I will take the blame for this.”

Byeop Gye closed his eyes and continued to chant. He couldn’t see the face of Heo Do.

Venerable Heo Do burst into a chuckle.

“It was all done with great determination, but I am sick of that hypocrisy. When I was on my knees begging for my life, you sat back and watched, and now you have no other intention but to speak of honor?”

“No. It is right. This is the way of Kangho. But…”

Venerable Heo Do’s lifeless face looked at Namgung Hwang and Byeop Gye, then glared at Byeok Hyun.

“I will never apologize to you.”

“I won’t show gratitude either. But… at least know what you are.”

Namgung Hwang’s body trembled at that.

But even so, he couldn’t bear to attack Venerable Heo Do. Because there was nothing wrong with what he said.

Beop Gye quietly expressed his displeasure but was saddened too.

How could this matter be resolved?

After finishing what he wanted to say, Venerable Heo Do took his gaze away without any regrets and turned to the sky.

The sky was mercilessly blue and cold.

He had expected those people to come help.

Apologize? Who did he have to apologize to?

He saved them all here. These were just people who didn’t dare to bow to their enemies and beg.

If he hadn’t stepped forward, everyone would have died. His actions saved them.

But they would soon criticize him and try to place all the blame on him. So why should he apologize?

‘If there’s one thing which holds me back…’

Just when Heo Do was about to sigh.

Hearing the noise from the other side, Venerable Heo Do turned his head.

He could see Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon being pushed, his body being raised by his sahyungs.

A truly miserable sight. Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon had suffered the most injuries. And here, he fought more fiercely than anyone.

If he hadn’t held back Jang Ilso, the damage would have been much greater, and they would have had to offer more to Jang Ilso.

Venerable Heo Do knew that fact better than anyone.

“… Get out of the way.”

“C-Chung Myung! Now…”

“Get out of my way, please.”

Now that he had come this far, Baek Cheon could no longer dissuade him. Chung Myung passed Baek Cheon and walked toward Venerable Heo Do. The killing intent he exuded made everyone uneasy.

The Wudang disciples held their breath as they saw Chung Myung walking away, blood dripping down his face.

Heo Sanja and Heo Gwang flew at once and stood in front of Venerable Heo Do.

But Chung Myung didn’t stop, as if he couldn’t see them. He just limped and approached Venerable Heo Do.

“Will you not stop!”

Both Heo Sanja and Heo Gwang were shocked at the voice of Heo Do coming from behind.

“…But, but that person…”

They couldn’t back down. The killing intent of Chung Myung was unmistakable.

But Venerable Heo Do only shook his head.

“Do you want to embarrass me?”

“Get out of the way. And don’t get involved.”

Heo Gwang bit his lip.

But in the end, they couldn’t disobey his orders, so the two stepped back. They watched Chung Myung with wary eyes.

Chung Myung limped over as if he didn’t notice them and stood in front of Venerable Heo Do.

Behind him, the Five Swords were nervous, ready to spring into action if something unforeseen happened.

Venerable Heo Do smiled.

On this cliff, who could speak of courage…

At that moment, Chung Myung opened his mouth.

“…Why did you do it?”

Venerable Heo Do burst into laughter.

Chung Myung’s fist landed on Venerable Heo Do’s face. As Venerable Heo Do fell back, Chung Myung jumped on top of him and repeatedly punched his face.

“Why! Why did you! Why did you do that! Why!”

“You do the same thing again! Again? You fucking shit!”

Chung Myung howled like an animal and hit Venerable Heo Do. The Wudang disciples tried to rush in, but when Venerable Heo Do, who fell down, raised his hand, they stopped.

Chung Myung grabbed Venerable Heo Do by the collar and pulled him; their foreheads collided with a thud.

Venerable Heo Do was bleeding from the burst lip as he looked at the sky.

A low voice came out.

“… just wanted to save my disciples.”

Chung Myung’s body shook.

He grabbed Venerable Heo Do by the collar with one hand and raised the other hand. His fist gathered qi on them.

A loud roar erupted. Chung Myung’s fist was struck into the ground right next to Venerable Heo Do’s face.

Chung Myung let go of Venerable Heo Do and stood up helplessly. But even after he got up, Heo Do continued to look up at the sky with blank eyes.

“You fucking morons…”

Chung Myung glared at Venerable Heo Do and the other Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families on the cliff and turned around.

As he stumbled, Baek Cheon quickly grabbed his arm and helped him.

“… let us head back, Chung Myung.”

“This isn’t our place. Let us go to the sect leader. To Mount Hua… right. Let’s go to Mount Hua.”

When Baek Cheon spoke, the Five Swords nodded. And then he looked at the other sects with a disgusted face. No one could even look at them.

While they were busy protecting their own lives, the Five Swords of Mount Hua fought against Jang Ilso.

Then how could they speak a word to them?

A warrior’s duty was to fight strong enemies. It was an agreement because they would not back down even if they could not win a fight. Fighting only when you could win was neither a will nor an agreement. It was just coercion.

‘I have listened and learned countless times.’

The difference between knowing and doing.

They fought back while the others couldn’t.

Jin Hyun looked at the sky with blank eyes and then closed them.

“Let’s go, Chung Myung.”

Baek Cheon supported Chung Myung, lifting him up. Jo Gul also supported him from the other side.

“Yes, Chung Myung… let us head back. I don’t want to stay here any longer.”

Jo Gul’s words pierced the ears of those remaining on the cliff. They were meant to be heard.

At that moment, Chung Myung spoke.

“My sword… give me my sword.”

Baek Cheon asked with a dissatisfied look. It was clear he didn’t want to talk anymore. But Chung Myung looked at his face and shook his head.

Chung Myung gazed down to the bottom of the cliff. His eyes were cold and sunken.

“There is still work to be done.”

Blood flowed down Chung Myung’s chin and dripped onto the cliff.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.