Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Your mouth is still alive.”

Jang Ilso smiled, seemingly intrigued.

“On a subject I have no intention of delving into.”

At Chung Myung’s words, Jang Ilso’s eyes took on a strange light.

This boy was fun. Even Ho Ga-Myung, who knew Jang Ilso best, couldn’t fully read his thoughts. But this one figured out his intentions without any hesitation.

Was there anyone else in the world who was this interesting?

“There wasn’t any, right?”

“What are you saying?”

Jang Ilso giggled and laughed.

“It’s not like you haven’t checked it out already… A pity. Your stomach must have twisted when you saw the hole for yourself. Of course, I was disappointed not to have seen that scene.”

The lips of Chung Myung twisted.

‘You played your cards well.’

Of course, there were explosives.

It wasn’t human strength that first burst the cliff. The explosives existed for the first explosion.

But there were no other explosives.

If you thought about it, it was such a natural conclusion. It was difficult to obtain enough explosives to entirely collapse a cliff, even for the government. Obtaining it, moving it to the Yangtze River in such a short period while avoiding the eyes of people, and planting it in the right place was almost impossible based on common sense.

Still, at that moment, no one doubted whether there were explosives or not. Even Chung Myung.

There were two reasons.

First, the sight of the cliff exploding before their eyes due to the ignited explosives was impactful. There was no way those who witnessed that incredible scene could think rationally.

No, even if he had judged at that time that there was just a one-in-ten chance that explosives had been placed on the cliff, they would have had no choice but to climb the cliff.

Because no one would want to risk their lives on a one-tenth chance.

“The fact that we gathered up the cannons and took them over before you had anything.”

Jang Ilso laughed excitedly.

This felt just right. Didn’t it seem like Chung Myung was slowly uncovering everything he had hidden?

No matter how great a move was made, if no one understood it, the entire effort would be useless. That’s why an outstanding person needs a rival.

“Those who came to the Yangtze River were watching your Mount Hua and every move. Of course, we knew that you had the White Thunder Cannon.”

“If you weren’t so foolish, you would have realized the moment you faced me that the cannons weren’t in my possession. So…”

Jang Ilso smiled oddly.

“Of course, you thought I had secured a lot of explosives. Thanks for that.”

“You fucking snake…”

This felt more like a compliment than an insult.

To put it bluntly, it was just that.

The Nine Great Sects, scared by the unseen explosives, desperately climbed the cliff. Thanks to that, they suffered unnecessary damage and used all their strength climbing.

“There must have been no troops on the way out?”

Jang Ilso smiled and added as if amazed.

“Because we didn’t have the capacity to withdraw troops that far.”

“… What were you planning to do if they did retreat?”

“There is no other choice. We would have no choice but to turn into a dog chasing after a chicken.”

Jang Ilso shrugged his shoulders.

“But then it proves that they are dumber than we thought, so isn’t that a benefit in its own way? I could swallow those idiots at any time.”

Chung Myung distorted his face and laughed, holding his stomach.

This man was truly mad.

His stomach turned as if he had eaten something wrong. The more he looked at things, the clearer they felt.

Everyone here was fooled by Jang Ilso.

What made it even more unbearable to Chung Myung was that Mount Hua was played in the palm of Jang Ilso.

It all started by luring them to the Yangtze River. Jang Ilso must have been planning from the beginning to attract other sects by bringing Mount Hua to the Yangtze.

The Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families, who never imagined that the Evil Faction would set a trap for them, all got caught in the trick.

The smile vanished suddenly, leaving only a cold expression.

“It is called the Yangtze River…”

Chung Myung gritted his teeth.

“It is a good idea to exclude the Heavenly Friends Alliance from that treaty.”

“Because there is no way you would agree to it.”

Jang Ilso giggled and laughed.

“So different from those idiots. You never back down. And you were the only one who could make that choice on behalf of the Heavenly Friends Alliance.”

Jang Ilso’s bright smile went stiff. Chung Myung’s words seemed to be beyond his expectations this time.

“Well, it is good. Let’s use the land handed over well. Tell this clearly to the pirates: if they even come near me, I will cut their heads off.”

“Why should I do that? I am sure you understand that the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families cannot enter the Yangtze River, right? Then why should I guarantee your land? Huh?”

“Because that is what you want?”

A moment of deep sorrow leaked out between his narrowed eyes.

“Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon. Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon…”

Jang Ilso, who had been mumbling, shook his head.

“That name is lacking for you now. It makes my heart go cold.”

“There is no need to reignite the heart. All your tricks are obvious.”

What Jang Ilso wanted was the complete downfall of the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families, with the Heavenly Friends Alliance not even in his sight.

In terms of power, even if he combined the Heavenly Friends Alliance and the Four Precepts Alliance, they would be similar or rather inferior to the other Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families.

Since there was no possibility of these two joining hands, even this one victory wouldn’t put the Evil Faction at ease.

And so, this non-aggression pact bought time. And…

‘Entirely destroy the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families.’

The rumor that the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families were defeated and had to retreat from the Yangtze River would soon spread throughout the world. And the rumor of them begging for their lives would also emerge.

Because Jang Ilso will spread it directly.

Criticism would reach the sky, and the reputation they had built and the honor they had polished would be thrown into the dirt.

But in the meantime… What if the Heavenly Friends Alliance stood proudly on the Yangtze River?

What if they protected the civilians?

‘It would be hell for the Nine Great Sects.’

If even the Heavenly Friends Alliance gave in, there would be public opinion on it. But if the rumor spread that the Heavenly Friends Alliance fought till the end, no one would be able to put the two letters, non-aggression, behind the name of the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families.

In other words, the person who most desperately needed to praise the Heavenly Friends Alliance right now was none other than Jang Ilso.

“Tsk. You are no fun. It should be a gift given to someone scared and trying to run.”

Jang Ilso took a sip of the drink and clicked his tongue.

“The pirates will not approach the land you occupied, let alone your mouth. If those Nine Great Sects block it, saying they will kill you and me, or if that Black Dragon King goes too far to block the commercial districts of the Southlands, I will be in a mess.”

“You speak so stupidly. Even after hearing that, do you think I will let ships pass for pennies?”

“You are planning to suck them dry, right? Is it not?”

Chung Myung smiled, showing his teeth.

Of course, his stomach churned to the point where his teeth were grinding.

But looking at it calmly, the Heavenly Friends Alliance and Mount Hua lost nothing in this war. They gained a lot.

The Heavenly Friends Alliance would usurp the position of the Nine Great Sects, who previously represented Kangho, and would make a huge profit by monopolizing the water path to and from the Southlands.

In return, the Evil Faction weakened the strength of the Nine Great Sects and the Five Great Families, buying time to reorganize.

A hostile-symbiotic relationship.

There couldn’t be a more appropriate expression for their ties.

“What do you think, Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon?”

“Do you like my gift?”

“You cannot refuse my gift. No, there is no way to refuse. But you don’t have to be grateful. I have received too many gifts from you. Hahahaha!”

Chung Myung’s smile deepened further.

“I will tell you something, too.”

Jang Ilso looked at Chung Myung with a smile on his face as if he was impatiently curious about what was coming.

“You said it right. You won this war.”

“But it is only a war.”

Jang Ilso’s eyes darkened.

“You will find out what a stupid thing you did.”

“Battles are small things compared to war.”

“But war is nothing compared to fortune.”

“If you really wanted to take control of Kangho, you should have come out of here and destroyed Mount Hua at any cost. You are the one who missed the big thing because you were distracted by the small fry in front of you.”

“You will find out.”

A terrifying killing intent flowed from Chung Myung’s body.

“What does it mean to give time to Mount Hua? It won’t be that long. The moment your head is cut, you will definitely regret this day and regret it all. Surely.”

Jang Ilso’s face turned cold.

Simple threats… No, it might just be a struggle.

To Jang Ilso’s ears, those words didn’t sound so simple.

They were kept alive because Chung Myung was essential for his plan. His existence balanced the Heavenly Friends Alliance, the Four Precepts Alliance, the Nine Great Sects, and the Five Great Families.

If Chung Myung ceased to exist, then the Heavenly Friends Alliance would collapse, and the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families, with no one to keep them in check, would come to the south.

But… on the other hand, his instincts were speaking.

Maybe leaving this guy alive might be more dangerous than facing the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families.

It was exactly as this boy said.

Jang Ilso clenched his fists without realizing it.

It was the exact moment when Jang Ilso bit his lip in a boiling mood.

Suddenly, he saw a group approaching.

Jang Ilso’s eyes widened. It was still too far away to be visible clearly, but what was approaching was coming at an incredible speed.

The moment he saw the green robes they had on, Jang Ilso could tell the identity of those who were approaching.

Jang Ilso, having lost his mood, unclenched his fist. No matter how skilled he was, it was impossible to kill Chung Myung before they arrived. And if a battle broke out, he would be at a disadvantage.

“… so it was me who saved your life?”

“If that idiot Heo Do hadn’t done something stupid.”

The Sichuan Tang family. They were swiftly approaching.

If they joined the battle, the entire result would have been different.

“… when did you call them?”

“I had no surety of what would happen in this world.”

Jang Ilso bit his tongue and licked his lips.

He almost got cornered again. This guy was truly dangerous.

Jang Ilso finished the drink in his hand and looked at Chung Myung.

“No matter what, I won the battle this time.”

“Right. So enjoy it.”

Chung Myung smiled, showing his teeth.

“That moment of joy won’t last long.”

The eyes of the two people staring at each other were filled with killing intent.

Jang Ilso, who snorted lightly, turned first and got into the carriage.

In the carriage, which began to move, Jang Ilso leaned his head against the wall with a strange look.

‘I feel frustrated.’

He thought it was a complete victory. But… now that he saw it, wasn’t it just a lucky win? If the Justice Faction had just held out until the Sichuan Tang family arrived, the Four Precepts Alliance wouldn’t have been able to take advantage of the war and negotiate.

“Alcohol tastes bad.”

A low mumble escaped from red lips. Jang Ilso’s eyes narrowed like a snake.

‘Mount Hua… and Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, Chung Myung.’

It was the moment when Jang Ilso engraved that name into his heart.

“I need to prepare a suitable name. It is difficult for Jang Ilso’s enemy to be called something like a brat.”

After a while, the soft laugh he let out slowly spread beyond the carriage and into the quiet ground.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.