Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Chung Myung’s eyes were dazed in an unbelievable situation.

‘I have to get up again…’

He slowly lowered his head and looked at his body. No, he tried to look. But his head didn’t move at all, as if it was stuck to the bed.

This was because the rope that tied his head was tight.

The band, which was so tight that almost no blood could flow, was putting pressure on his head.

Chung Myung’s head moved slightly, very slightly to the side. Yoon Jong, who was standing next to the bed, met his earnest eyes, flinched, and nodded slightly.

Yoon Jong cleared his throat slightly and opened his mouth cautiously.

“… I don’t think it is necessary to go this far.”

A bluish-black vein stood out on Tang Soso’s forehead.

“Do these people really think the human body is something simple? Do you think if you roll around and then replace some wheels, the body will run fine again? What? You want me to change something?”

“… no. That was never my intention. I wasn’t thinking straight.”

Yoon Jong quickly took a step back due to the killing intent of Tang Soso.

Usually, Tang Soso looked very pleasing to the eyes with her bright smile. Still, when she smiled at the patients, she had a killing intent, as if she wanted to kill someone with just her eyes.

‘No, if one thought about it, shouldn’t it be the other way around? Patients are to be cared for with laughter and compassion…’

At that time, Tang Soso turned her head and glared at Chung Myung. She gritted her teeth as she looked at Chung Myung, tied up with thick rope and pinned to the bed.

“If your body turns to rags, you will receive treatment quietly! Can you not stand anymore and crawl out? Are you still human? Uh?”

“I am your sahyung…”

He was glad that she knew it.

“No! How on earth did this person end up like this? You go looking for alcohol the moment you open your eyes, even though you have wounds that could have killed you ten times over as if they didn’t belong to you!”

“I didn’t go looking for alcohol…”

Chung Myung looked at the ceiling with blank eyes.

For some reason, it reminded him of the old times.

-No, if you are hurt, you get treatment, you moron! Come and see!

-Get away from me, you quack.

-Quack! What does this bastard think of a Sichuan Tang family elder? If I had started a physician’s place, I would have made a lot of money! I told you to stop speaking nonsense and come here. No, don’t drink it! I brought that to disinfect the wound!

He still lives like this.

Why did his family always treat him like this…

Usually, even if a so-called warrior was stabbed and bled profusely, they would just apply something and say it would get better in time. But these Tang Family bastards were the exception; they used such evil measures to kill people who had mere scratches on their bodies, too.

In the past, these people were annoying patients to death, but now they continue to do…

At that time, the door burst open, and a person walked in like salvation.

It was Tang Gunak. He frowned, looking at Chung Myung tied to the bed.

“Oh my. Family lord!”

When Chung Myung shouted as if asking to be rescued, Tang Gunak’s eyes darkened.

Tang Soso, pricked by his cold voice, looked at Tang Gunak. She knew well how much her father cared for Chung Myung.

Tang Gunak was a person who had never shown the same kindness he showed to Chung Myung, even to his kids. In his eyes, the sight of Tang Soso, the sajae of Chung Myung, playfully tying up Chung Myung couldn’t have looked good, even if it was by his favorite daughter.

Tang Soso shrugged her shoulders.

Tang Gunak, who was staring at her with cold eyes, scolded her.

“Did I teach you this?”

“Sorry. Sahyung was being disobedient.”

“You tied up Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon with rope! What will the world say when they see this?”

Tang Gunak clicked his tongue and held out something he was holding in the back of his hand.

“How can something like this happen?”

What he held in his hand was an iron rope. For a moment, Tang Soso’s face turned blank.

“It is a specially made iron rope, so it should be able to subdue the injured. Tie it back properly.”

Tang Soso quickly accepted the iron rope held out by Tang Gunak. Chung Myung watched the incredible scene with shocked eyes.

Tang Gunak clicked his tongue and said.

“Well, a warrior… they need to know that the body needs some time to recover!”

Tears flowed down the eyes of Chung Myung.

‘Damn these bastards.’

There was the same uproar from generation to generation. From generation to generation…

No, did this family have some motto? Why were they saying the same thing after 100 years too?

Tang Gunak approached Chung Myung and looked around.

“It is difficult to pinpoint internal bleeding with needles alone. Let us use this medicine along with it.”

“He doesn’t eat it well.”

“… Just force it down.”

Chung Myung forcibly turned his head and looked at Baek Cheon.

“Go and get the sect leader. The Tang Family is persecuting Mount Hua disciples…”

“I think he will applaud?”

The tears that had stopped flowed down Chung Myung’s temples again.

‘There is no one on my side. There is no one on my side.’

Sect leader sahyung.

He missed the old days…

-It was the same way back in the day, you bastard. You were the same then, too.

Ah, he was lonely, so lonely.

At that time, Tang Gunak sighed and asked.

“How are you feeling?”

Chung Myung’s body was shaking.

“Any inconveniences?”

“You think there aren’t any!”

“I don’t think there are any.”

“… can you not hear me?”

Chung Myung stared at Tang Gunak with a face full of anger, then sighed.

“… it is so uncomfortable to eat like this, so please relax a little just when I am going to eat food.”

“Well, that can be done.”

Tang Gunak looked at Tang Soso and said,

“I’m feeding him from time to time.”

“It means he is eating rice. Change it to porridge. Eating rice and fried food isn’t good for patients. Make sure to only give food three meals a day.”

Chung Myung looked up at the ceiling with a sad heart.

Sect leader sahyung.

Rumors traveled faster than a storm.

“Server! Here, bring me another bottle.”

“Yes! I am bringing it now!”

It was time for those sitting around the guesthouse to pour the last drink remaining in the bottle.

The door burst open with a sweaty man rushing in.

“Here. Here! Why are you coming in such a hurry?”

“It looks like you were scared that we would drink all the alcohol you ordered.”

There was loud laughter. The man, who had been looking around at the sound of people calling, ran over and shouted loudly.

“D-did you hear this?”

“The Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families signed a non-aggression pact with the Evil Faction!”

Those who heard it burst into laughter.

“Stop talking nonsense and sit down. I ordered a new bottle.”

“It isn’t a joke, I am telling you!”

“It is chaos outside! The Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families declared that they wouldn’t set foot in the Yangtze River for the next three years!”

The faces of those shouting went pale as they heard it, but soon, someone clicked their tongue.

“Tsk, tsk. Just some jokes. Why on earth would the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families sign a treaty with those bastards?”

“W-well, it isn’t just the Evil Faction. The Shenzhou Five Clans had come together and created a new Four Precepts Alliance!’

“Four Precepts Alliance?”

“Right! It is said that the Shaolin and Wudang who went to the Yangtze River were unable to escape the attack of the Four Precepts Alliance and made peace!”

“… The Evil Faction bastards have united as one?”

“Ah, that is ridiculous. No matter how many of the Evil Faction bastards gather in one place, how can you say Shaolin and Wudang are at peace with them! We are going to be in big trouble!”

The man pounded his chest as if he were frustrated.

“If you don’t believe me, just go out and see! It is chaos outside! The entire world is in an uproar now!”

Everyone went speechless at that.

Looking at that desperate face, he didn’t think of it as a lie, but no none could believe it either.

How could the Justice Faction and Evil Faction make peace?

They had never heard such a story before. Wasn’t love and hate separated because they couldn’t mix like water and oil? But how can those two?

“W-wait. Did you say non-aggression?”

“The Nine Sects and Five Families said they would no longer set foot on the Yangtze River? Then what about the Yangtze River clans already situated there?”

“Everyone is leaving the Yangtze River.”

“The Nine Sects and Five Families have turned the Yangtze River into an infested area and are retreating, leaving behind their enemies? Well, then, what happens to the civilians there?”

“Ha… haha… ha. Is it even possible for something like this to happen?”

Finally, a roar erupted from the mouths of those who had been holding back.

“If that’s the case, we might as well lose it. They attacked out of curiosity and then just ran with their tails curled? As if that wasn’t enough, they signed a humiliating agreement to not step foot in the Yangtze River for the next three years!”

The faces of those in the room were filled with despair. They were talking so loudly that it was impossible not to listen.

“Are you saying this because you don’t know how those pirates will act? The pirates have done this so many times that the people are going insane. So, who will handle all that? How can the so-called Justice Faction do such a ridiculous thing?”

“I cannot believe it! The Shaolin I know and the Wudang I know aren’t such places!”

There were violent reactions here and there, but that didn’t stop the people from erupting.

“It doesn’t matter whether you believe it or not. I heard that the people around the Yangtze River are already packing their bags. Now that there are no Nine Great Sects or Five Great Families, there is no one who can stop the Evil Faction. Many would rather abandon their hometown than die there.”

It was unbelievable news.

But there was no way not to believe it. Even as they were talking, some people turned thoughtful and burst into the room, discussing the same news.

“Oh my god… who would have thought that Shaolin, Wudang, and the Namgung family would abandon the civilians and find their own way… so what was the deal they had been clamoring for so far? And yet they pride themselves on being the Justice Faction?”

“Why have we supported them until now! If this is the case, aren’t they no different from the thieves?”

“Those guys are fucking scammers, scammers! In the first place, they were just people who were only interested in money and gains! We got fooled. Entirely fooled!”

Anger began to spread.

People naturally felt more anger when they were betrayed by those they trusted than when wronged by those known for evil. As great as the trust placed in the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families was, the disappointment and anger over their choices were enormous.

Once the rumor spread from the Yangtze River to each province, it quickly engulfed the entire central plain like wildfire.

More than a hundred years after the war against the Demonic Sect, the most shocking news shook the quiet Central Plains like an earthquake.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.