Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Seo Hong, who had just cut down a resisting person, laughed without hesitation and shouted.

‘This is it! This is how it should be!’

Until now, he had never been able to run wild while hunting. This was because he knew very well that if the plundering was excessive, he would end up attracting the Justice Faction.

But now, the Justice Faction could not come to the Yangtze River to stop them. This was what he meant when he said it should be like this.

Of course, as time passed, they would have to make adjustments like before. If they caught all the fish in the sea, the lake would die and rot with nothing left.

But for a while, they would be able to freely release the evil feelings they had suppressed.

“A ship is arriving from behind.”

“What? Is it the government?”

“No, it looks like a pirate ship.”

“It seems like they are coming here. Leave it alone.”

Even though he told them to leave it alone, he clicked his tongue.

‘Still, don’t we have to follow the rules of pirates?’

The law of pirates was simple. Whoever touched it first won. It might be different elsewhere, but the area around here was unclaimed land, so many pirates might converge here.

And so, the authority of the ship belonged to those who came first.

“It is a pity, so we will leave a little for—”

At that moment, a loud noise erupted, and the ship they were on shook as if it would capsize.

The sudden shock caused the pirates running on the dock to roll on the floor and scream.

Seo Hong, flustered, ran to the ship. This unfamiliar ship was stuck behind their chained ship.

“T-those fucking morons!”

He cursed, thinking they must have hit something because they didn’t steer properly. Of course, pirates who spent most of their time on ships were usually good at steering, so this rarely happened… for now, he had no choice but to judge it that way.

But he quickly realized that thought was wrong.

A group of warriors rose from the rammed ship.

Seeing that they were perfectly dressed in black uniforms, clearly different from the clothes pirates wore, they weren’t normal bandits.

The moment he saw the swords in their hands and the Plum Blossom Sword pattern engraved on their chests, the name of a sect flashed through his mind.

“M-Mount Hua? Why is Mount Hua coming here?”

His face had turned pale.

If it had been a year ago or even a month, his reaction would have been entirely different. But the status of the name of Mount Hua in the Yangtze River had changed drastically compared to a month back.

There was no one in the Yangtze River area who didn’t know the rumor that Mount Hua had destroyed pirates with a small number of people and even played a key role in the final battle.

In other words, the name of Mount Hua in the Yangtze River today was no different from the Grim Reaper.

No, perhaps differently, the swordsmen of Mount Hua who jumped onto the ship began to cut down the pirates in an instant. It could be deduced that there were just a few people left on the main ship to even move it, but even taking that into account, the speed was too much.

Seo Hong was confused by the completely unexpected situation and was struggling to find a way to handle it.

A man in a black murim robe jumped onto the merchant ship. Almost at the same time, five young warriors jumped behind and supported him.

The person on the ship slowly looked around, and his face contorted.

“Have these pirate bastards lost their sense of fear? Are you talking about business in the river with such a rude nature?”

“Who is in charge here?“

Seo Hong looked at the man with a stern look on his face and said.

“It is me. So, are you a member of Mount Hua Sect?”

“Mount Hua sect? Mount Hua Sect memberrr? You bastard, you speak short words or what? How dare this bastard speak so informally? I am going to pull off your teeth and let you live off of just gruel!”

Seo Hong’s face became dumbfounded by the sudden outpouring of verbal abuse.

“Me? I am Chung Myung, you bastard. What should I say? What are you?”

But surprisingly the face of Seo Hong turned pale.

Chung Myung tilted his head in response and glanced back.

“Seems like you know me?”

“It is even weirder if you don’t know now.”

Baek Cheon and Yoon Jong shook their heads. This guy sometimes underestimated his reputation too much.

“M-Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon!”

Cold sweat poured down Seo Hong’s face as if he were standing in front of the devil’s judgment.

He wanted to deny it, but the expression of the person squatting in front of him was the same as what he had heard. Moreover, the bandages wrapped around the wrists, exposed under the open front and sleeves, proved that this man had just been involved in a fierce battle not long ago.

Chung Myung, Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.

A warrior from Mount Hua that killed the Great Whale pirate’s leader and destroyed their entire force.

“That… he fought against the Hegemony Lord….”

Chung Myung’s face contorted at Seo Hong’s mumbling.

“Yah, bastard? Heh, I would have won if that bastard hadn’t interfered.”

Baek Cheon, who was standing behind him, spoke in a panic.

“… no, that is a bit.”

“A person should have a conscience.”

“What? I won! If I fight till the end, I will win for sure! Anyone! Any bastard can come!”

“Ahh! Right. Right. See ahead now. Ahead.”

“Yes. Yes. Look ahead.”

Seo Hong’s fingertips were trembling like thin trees.

Even in the face of ruthless pirates, he didn’t seem nervous at all. Depending on how you thought about it, it could be seen as either humiliating or realistic. Still, Seo Hong didn’t even feel humiliated.

Would a person who invaded, caught, and killed the Great Whale pirates, destroyed their pirate troops, and engaged in a fierce battle with the Four Precepts Alliance in the midst of the war between them and the Justice Faction, be concerned about normal pirates?

He couldn’t even think about it. If the opponent was Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon, someone who poured oil on the body and jumped into a fire pit would have a higher chance of surviving.

But even if he didn’t fight back with a weapon, he still had something to say.

“Well, the Justice Faction isn’t allowed to enter the Yangtze River! T-then how are you people here?”

“Why can’t the Justice Faction enter, you bastard! The Nine Great Sects cannot come here. We aren’t one of them. We got kicked out years ago.”

“No, you speak too much. Why are you saying all that! I cannot believe we got kicked out!”

“You can say the same thing a little differently. It doesn’t apply because we are the Heavenly Friends Alliance.”

“Eh. If we hadn’t been kicked out, we wouldn’t have been coming to this.”

Baek Cheon showed displeasure and covered his face with the hand that wasn’t holding the sword.

Chung Myung pointed at Seo Hong with his chin.

“Haven’t you heard that if you get caught doing business in this area, you die?”

“You don’t know? Well, there is nothing I can do now. Then, even if you lose something, you can go and blame what happened on you.”

Chung Myung shouted as if there was nothing more to say.

“Hahaha! Take away everything they have, cut down those who resist, and turn them into food for the fish!”

“Stop talking like a pirate, you moron!”

“He didn’t say anything weird, but the feeling is odd.”

The Five Swords mumbled and kicked the ground and moved like beams of light. At the same time, the Baek and Chung disciples began to drive away the pirates.

The ship was cleared in an instant.

The number of people who could ride on one ship was initially limited. If they faced each other in such situations, the pirates weren’t even an after-meal workout for the Mount Hua disciples.

The disciples of Mount Hua, who cut down the fiercely resisting pirates, surrounded the sole remaining Seo Hong.

Seo Hong, clinging to the railing, looked at them, sweat dripping down his face.

“Huh, the Black Dragon King will not sit idly and ignore this! If you kill me…”

Baek Cheon smiled softly at that and answered.

“Thank you for the advice, but I don’t think it is something you should worry about.”

Seo Hong gritted his teeth and glared at Mount Hua with poisonous eyes.

“How long can you last on the Yangtze River….”

At that moment, Chung Myung, who was behind him, flew in like a bird and kicked Seo Hong in the chin.

Everyone closed their eyes tightly.

Seo Hong, with his head tilted back, twitched and fell over the railing.

“Ahho! You speak too much, bastard!”

Chung Myung finally shook off his hands like he felt refreshed.

“I told you not to overdo it. The wounds haven’t healed yet.”

“How can it be difficult to catch that minnow? It was a light exercise.”

Baek Cheon shook his head, saying he couldn’t stop him.

Anyway, he never listened to him.

“Soso, who is injured?”

“No one died, sahyung. There are a few people with stab wounds, but they aren’t life-threatening.“

“You rotten bastards.”

Chung Myung gritted his teeth and glared at the pirates to one side. The pirates hurriedly lowered their pale faces.

“We will treat you and find the owners of the stolen items.”

Mount Hua’s disciples began to move busily.

The civilians, who had been watching the scene trembling in the corner, finally gathered courage and approached cautiously.

“Right, thank you. Thank you.”

“Eh, what! Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha. As part of the Justice Faction, this is something we must do! Of. Course. Justice. Faction.”

Those who had blinked asked with puzzled eyes.

“But this time, due to the agreement with the Evil Faction, the Nine Sects couldn’t step into the Yangtze River…”

“Nonsense. Indeed, the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families cannot come, but we can.”

Chung Myung smiled and answered.

“We don’t know about other places, but the Gugang region is what we will protect, so you can come through this way. I will make sure those bastards don’t even get close to you.”

“Please let people know. This place is protected by the Heavenly Friends Alliance. There will never be anyone in Gugang attacked by pirates.”

Then, Chung Myung secretly whispered to the merchant standing in front.

“And we built a bridge to the island here? If you come, we will charge you a cheap price and help transport it.”

“Huh? Do you think you were deceived? This is Chung Myung! Chung Myung! Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon!”

As Chung Myung spoke while pounding his chest, the faces of the merchants turned bright red.

“R-right! Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon!”

“We can trust the famous Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon!”

The Five Swords, who were listening quietly, closed their eyes.

‘How did things end up like this?’

‘When did this guy, who is the symbol of fraud and corruption, turn into a symbol of trust?’

In the Yangtze River, Chung Myung’s reputation grew incomparably higher than before.

If the story began to spread, it would not be surprising if Mount Hua gained the reputation of being the best sect in the world, at least along the Yangtze River.

The merchants were filled with emotion and repeatedly held Chung Myung’s hand, bowing their heads.

“T-thank you. Thank you. How do I repay the favor…”

“Hahaha. How do you repay? You can pay it back with money. You speak as if there is another way to repay the favor. A man with the name and profession of a merchant… eup! Eup!”

Baek Cheon covered Chung Myung’s mouth and dragged him away with a smile, saying,

“Hahaha. He hasn’t healed from the injury yet, so his head feels a bit unstable now.”

Yoon Jong quietly blocked the view of the dazed merchants.

“If you have any questions, you can ask me. I will explain everything.”

“Ah… so, can I ask one thing…”

“Please. Feel free to ask.”

“… that is an unfortunate question…..”

“It is alright. Please speak comfortably.”

“Then, without shame….”

The merchant, who was hesitating to speak, took a deep breath and then spoke with gathered courage.

“That… is that really Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon?”

Yoon Jong couldn’t bring himself to answer ‘yes’.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.