Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Uhahahahaha! Uhahaha! Gurgle!”

An Elder of the Green Forest whispered carefully into the ears of Im So-Byeong.

“… Just let them enjoy it.”

Before he knew it, Chung Myung, dressed in silk clothes and adorned with expensive jewels, was embracing the concept of wealth. The corners of his lips were stretched so wide they seemed to reach his ears.

“Uhahahaha! Uhahahaha!”

The money he made in just two days of business!

He had earned so much money that he was almost sick of it, but it was entirely different to watch it accumulate each day before his eyes.

Wasn’t this the beauty of a cash business?

“Ahem! After all, business should be done with rich people! Aren’t the richest people in the world merchants? Hehehehe!”

Merchants on the Yangtze River generally didn’t have problems due to a lack of money; their problem was not having enough money.

The island’s toll was set somewhat excessively. Still, the merchants, willing to sell their souls just to cross the river, paid without hesitation. They paid so willingly that others felt they had set the toll price too low.

Thanks to that, Chung Myung was now in a situation where money was accumulating like a mountain just by literally sitting still.

The 2nd elder, looking at Chung Myung, shook his head.

Where would you see a Taoist looking like that? Originally, a Taoist was someone who should stay away from money and focus on leading people spiritually.

‘Even merchants, who are called the demons of money, probably don’t like money as much as he does.’

Where on earth did such a Taoist come from?

“Woah. Nice job. Nice job. After all, you are the King of Green Forest. One with the right name for sure!”

“Hehehe. This is what I am an expert in.”

“As expected, so trustworthy! As expected!”

“That is an overstatement. Isn’t this all possible because of Mount Hua and the Taoist’s reputation?”

A Taoist and a bandit were praising each other and smiling; anyone could see that these people with no conscience were plotting things.

“This is just the beginning. The merchants who flock to the docks now are the best, the merchants from around the mouth of the Yangtze. If the rumor spreads further, all the merchants on the Yangtze River will flock here.”

“At that time, even if the toll fee is low, we will be able to earn several times more than we are earning now.”

“We need to expand the pier! Bring more workers in!”

“Of course! That too!”

“Because more people will flock. Should we expand facilities not only on the island but also on the dockside?”

“You know it all, as expected!”

Nowadays, not only they but also numerous merchants lived on the island, which was now known as Plum Blossom Island. The merchants, who were anxious about the pirates plundering, couldn’t relax even at the dock, so they decided to spend the night on an island protected by Mount Hua.

Everyone applauded the majestic nature of Mount Hua as they looked at the Mount Hua disciples stationed on the island and the cannons deployed as if to guard the island.

It was good for merchants because they could transport their luggage with peace of mind, and Mount Hua was good for making money, so wasn’t it really good for work?

“It is still an island, but the surrounding area needs to be a bit more stabilized. Even if you let them cross the river, the island will be useless if it is plundered on the other side. The problem is that this is not something we can do with Mount Hua and our own power…”

After hearing Chung Myung’s words, Im So-Byeong tilted his head.

“Of course… it might be alright for a while, but you don’t plan to stay on the island forever, do you? If Mount Hua falls in its place, there will be new problems.”

Chung Myung grinned.

“No, there’s no problem. I just don’t want the commercial area to be blocked. I will stabilize it on my own soon.”

Im So-Byeong nodded.

There was no way Jang Ilso could stand by and see his money flow be blocked. Other Evil Faction bastards might be greedy for small gains and continue to plunder. Still, the marketplace would know better than anyone else that money circulates to make more money.

“Which is why we need to make just enough money. I thought I would come to the Yangtze River and go through a lot of hardships before returning, but it was worth it after all!”

Chung Myung picked up the silver jar and threw it over his head. It was at that moment when Chung Myung’s face softened as he saw the silver coins pour down like shining rain.

“No, even if you say so…”

A loud noise was heard outside the door.

“How could there be no other way?”

“Isn’t it Shaanxi? No matter how fast we move, it will take several months.”

“I don’t have time to wait that long. The situation is very bad.”

“Ugh. Right, I know that… it isn’t like I brought a bundle of money. And we don’t have to…”

Soon the door opened, and Hyun Jong, with an arrogant frown on his face, entered the room. The Five Swords followed behind him with an eager look on their faces. Hyun Jong sighed.

“So, if you beat me up, you will get more money…”

Hyun Jong, who was speaking weakly, suddenly focused on the pile of coins around Chung Myung.

“It is all piled up.”

Chung Myung’s eyes widened at the sight of the sect leader and the Five Swords staring at his silver coins.

“Hahaha. Our Chung Myung has saved up money again. How did you understand we were in need of money?”

Chung Myung, with his hair standing on end, swept up the silver coins and shook his head in resistance, but Hyun Jong just smiled kindly and slowly approached him.

“Now, you are such a good kid. Take a step back.”

The Five Swords also noticed and slowly approached Chung Myung.

“No. I am not trying to use them for anything bad.”

“The area around the Yangtze River is a mess right now. The Evil Faction is running rampant, so the people around us cannot even eat properly.”

“People who used to survive by sailing fishing boats are suddenly starving now?”

“Give me the money now.”

“I will use just a little, just a little.”

Chung Myung scolded him, but in the end, the Five Swords and the sect leader rushed at him at once.

“Take out the coins! Hurry!”

Chung Myung, whose arms and legs were caught, resisted by screaming loudly.

“Ahhh! You beings without blood and tears! Are you even calling yourselves Taoists?”

“I told you that I will spend a little and give it back!”

“You said it takes a while for money to arrive back from Mount Hua!”

“AHHH! You daylight robbers! Ughhh!”

It was the exact moment when Chung Myung began to shed tears.

Jo Gul, who was cheering and pushing Chung Myung down, was kicked by something, flew away, and landed against the wall.

He slithered down the wall and soon began to foam at the mouth and tremble.

The Five Swords turned their heads in surprise and saw a person standing in front of them, radiating a bright blue qi from their entire body.

Hyun Young gritted his teeth while exuding this intense qi and then spoke as if chewing his words.

The Five Swords, completely shocked by his killing intent, shrank back in surprise.

“I said we’d see, but now you are grouping up to rob Taoists of their money?”

“Ah, no! That isn’t what is…”

The Five Swords, who were trying to make excuses, quickly turned their gaze to someone else. When Hyun Young was angry, the only person who could stop him was Hyun Jong.

But all they could see was the back of Hyun Jong, who was standing in the distance facing the wall.

“Today, I will rip your brains out and fix them right! Come here, you bastards!”

“You have got it wrong!”

Hyun Jong, who was standing looking at the wall, closed his eyes without a word.

But there was nothing he could do about this.

Hehehe. Infinite Buddha.

The Five Swords were kneeling down with their heads lowered, sullen looks on their faces, with just their eyes slightly raised.

They saw Hyun Young radiating this killing intent and Chung Myung sitting next to him, chomping down on a sweet potato. Seeing Chung Myung laughing loudly every time Hyun Young stroked his head made them all feel their stomachs twisting inside.

‘I know what we did was wrong, but it’s still so disgusting to watch it.’

‘I want to beat him just once.’

“Why are you not raising your arms straight!”

The Five Swords were pricked by the fiery words that fell like lightning and raised their arms.

“These mountain bandits! Now you’re trying to use other people’s money as if it’s your own! Still, these people are Taoists!”

The two mountain bandits, Im So-Byeong and the first elder, who were watching this from the corner, shrank their necks in annoyance. They were not people to be intimidated by, but how could they handle someone who beat up the Five Swords like wild dogs and silenced the sect leader of Mount Hua with just a couple of words?

“… that… that isn’t what we intended to use it for.”

“We are in dire need of money, but it will take time to bring grain and money from Mount Hua…”

“Still, you bastards!”

As Hyun Young shouted loudly, the Five Swords bowed their heads.

“A Taoist should never justify the means for the purpose! Where in the world was that money yours?”

“It is good to help those who are hungry! But how can it be fair to steal money from a decent person to provide for the underprivileged? If you are in need of money, you should go out and earn it or borrow it! You are trying to gain a good name by stealing someone else’s money!”

“W-we were in the wrong!”

The Five Swords received so much criticism that Hyun Jong, who was hurt inside, silently opened his mouth.

“Hyun Young… it wasn’t something done with bad intentions…”

“Sect leader, the same applies to you!”

“Is this the money of Mount Hua? What did Mount Hua do with the money? Chung Myung made all the plans, and the Green Forest did all the work! And the Tang Family built the buildings around us!”

“T-that is true, but the situation is still a bit…”

“A man who just came over after work and takes things around! Why do you want to use my disciples’ money as your own? Does all the money in Mount Hua belong to the sect leader? What? Then you will take away my money, too, right?”

“I-it wasn’t our intention. I am being honest!”

“Then what? What is the point of going that far? That is the same as robbery! Is there even a noble figure like the Sect leader who is trying to build good fortune by robbing his disciples? Is this a Taoist sect? Is this even a sect? This is just like the Evil Faction!”

Finally, when Hyun Young closed his eyes again, Hyun Jong quietly folded his hands together and bowed his head.

“They are pure trash who cannot even make a single penny! Even though you thought you were rich, you were upset to see us spending all the money we earned! What now? Are you trying to take money from someone who fixed the problems for you and now has to survive by eating grass? There is a level of ingratitude!”

“Hehe, elder, please don’t be so harsh. Still, it is a sahyung and sasuk relationship for us, and he is the sect leader.”

At one word from Chung Myung, Hyun Young’s frowning eyes suddenly took on a gentle glow. He patted Chung Myung on the head and admired him.

“Oh my! Oh my, my Chung Myung! He also has a kind heart, of all things! How can he be so nice! How?”

Baek Cheon cursed under his breath at how Hyun Young said it without hesitation.

There were as many people as grains of sand in the Central Plains, but there was only one person in the world who could call that demon of a bastard a good person—Hyun Young.

“If you try to touch my kid’s money one more time, you will live on nothing but your blood for the rest of your life! Did you get it?”

The leader of the Heavenly Friends Alliance, the leader of Mount Hua, answered politely. Then, he carefully raised one hand.

“Um, but… Hyun Young, no, Finance Hall leader.”

“… I am really in a hurry for money right now, so can we not do it?”

“If you are in a hurry for money, borrow it! Borrow and pay a fair interest for it!”

Hyun Jong looked at Hyun Young with a shocked expression on his face, then secretly turned his gaze to Chung Myung.

“Uhm… Chung Myung. I am saying this because I need money desperately, but I can pay you back really soon. Before that, I’d like to borrow some money for a moment. How much will the interest be for it…”

“Ah, yes, interest.”

Chung Myung gulped the sweet potato he was chewing and smiled.

“How much is the amount, and what is the duration?”

Hyun Jong realized once again that life wasn’t so easy.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.