Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

A mountain of coins was piled up.

Seeing the money stacked in front of him was something he could have smiled at and enjoyed. Still, in reality, Hyun Jong’s eyes as he looked at the coins were filled with an inexplicable sorrow.

“I am giving it to you cheaply because you are the sect leader. If it were anyone else, I would have charged twice as much. Woah, this really shouldn’t be done like this. Normally, the closer you are to each other, the more certain the money transactions between the two are supposed to be, but I have a weak heart when it comes to my people.”

Hyun Jong, who was listening to Chung Myung whispering, looked up at the ceiling in silence.

Mount Hua had now become a place where the disciples committed usury to the Sect Leader.

Hyun Jong was in despair and held his face with both hands.

When it came to debt and usury, the person who woke up from sleep to worry was Hyun Jong. When he thought about what he once suffered, his head still ached.

But he never thought he would have to borrow money not from someone else but from his disciple and also pay interest.

“I-isn’t it compound interest?”

“You just need to pay the deposit within the agreed date. Why worry about the other things?”

That was something he had heard a lot…

“Then… what happens if I cannot meet that deadline?”

“Ehh. You will pay it back on time, so don’t bother asking. Hehe.”

Hyun Jong closed his eyes tightly.

They said that a tiger came in where a wolf had been defeated, and a devourer came in where a debtor had been resolved.

However, Hyun Young, who was with him for most of his life, seemed to have a slightly different opinion.

“Money transactions must be done with certainty! Ah! You seem like one amazing guy!”

As he watched Hyun Young nodding his head in satisfaction, Hyun Jong had the urge to turn his head back. He glared at Chung Myung, who was laughing again.

That guy who didn’t back down and was sure of his calculations!

… Uh? Was this turning out to be a compliment?

At that moment, Hyun Young’s eyes fell on the Five Swords.

“You are prohibited from spending any personal expenses money for 3 months from now. No more money or bonus for you!”

Jo Gul asked with wide eyes, so surprised that the end of his voice went high.

Since the Mount Hua disciples spent most of their time training, there was no place for them to make money. Only those whose families were wealthy received money from home. Still, most of them hadn’t received support from their families for a long time since Mount Hua began to earn money and paid the disciples for their expenses.

But suddenly that money stopped! There was no stronger shock than this!

“Then? You tried to use other people’s money to give out donations and want to spend your money on yourself? Such condescending nature?”

Hyun Young spoke firmly.

“They say that talent is for bears and money is for people! You are the right example of it! If you want to cooperate and make people benefit, then of course you will have to take losses. Why are you taking everyone you need and making yourself feel better? That too with other people’s money?”

“Ah, e-even so, you are taking away even this small amount of pocket money! I’d rather die! You have no blood or tears…”

“What, you bastard?”

The moment Yoon Jong was about to throw his fist and punch Jo Gul, something like lightning came and kicked Jo Gul.

Yoon Jong gulped when he saw the leg stretched out in front of him.

“Your head is for nothing. You need to get hit.”

“That’s right. But that doesn’t mean you can just kick people… even your thoughts have changed a lot.”

Yu Yiseol slowly folded her long legs, calmly knelt down again, and raised her arms.

Yoon Jong, seeing her eyes, flinched and quickly put his arms close to his ears.

“… We will do as you say, elder.”

Along with Baek Cheon’s soft reply, the other Five Swords nodded.

“Ugh… if you were going to be like this, you could have answered before I got beaten…”

“You spoke out before I could answer.”

The Five Swords sighed deeply. However, he didn’t seem to be very dissatisfied because he was stung by the comment that he was trying to show off with other people’s money.

Giving meant giving away something of one’s own, not giving something away someone else’s?

At that time, Hyun Jong, with slightly complicated feelings, quietly moved the coins in front of him to the side. Then, he calmed down and looked around.

Before he knew it, Mount Hua’s leading people had gathered in the room.

‘Let us discuss the current situation… right, let’s discuss it.“

He had already lost the reputation of the sect leader. Still, it didn’t matter since his reputation wasn’t great to begin with.

“You may have all heard, but the situation around us isn’t so good. After the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families signed the non-aggression pact on the Yangtze, this area turned into the sect’s place.”

When Hyun Jong looked at Hyun Sang, he nodded and said.

“Currently, the area around the Yangtze River is literally teeming with Evil Faction clans. It is said that those who normally don’t appear near the mouth of the river are also running rampant.“

“Seriously, those shameless thieves!”

“You should throw them all into the river and drown them!”

“This is why they are called evil!”

In response to the reactions coming from all over, Hyun Jong glanced at a corner of the room with a slightly awkward look. He was concerned about one person who was becoming increasingly different.

Hyun Jong cleared his throat.

“… Be careful of what you say.”

The people who finally noticed the Green Forest King crouching in the corner scratched the backs of their heads with slightly pitiful expressions.

“That wasn’t my intention, Green Forest King.”

“Yes, ahem. Not all thieves are the same. Bandits are a bit better.”

“They are all thieves; what is different about them?”

“Chung Myung, stay quiet, please.”

But Im So-Byeong continued to be explained to by Hyung Sang calmly.

“As a result, the damage to the civilian population is severe. Not only is it a problem to be plagued by thieves, but merchant ships cannot operate properly, so they cannot work, and those who drive fishing boats are also unable to get into the river. Of course, there is no other choice but to be in poverty…”

Hyun Jong, who thought for a moment, quietly looked at Baek Cheon.

“What was it like seeing it in person?”

“The situation is serious. This is not a one-day or two-day thing; it has been going on since the war began on the Yangtze River… after a little while, deaths from starvation may begin to appear one after another.”

Of course, there were people who knew all of this because they saw it firsthand, but it was important to let everyone know what they knew from a person of higher position. This was more so for Mount Hua. Hyun Jong spoke after confirming that everyone understood the situation.

“The wealth of Mount Hua from the nearby Eunha merchants is being transferred to the Yangtze River. As soon as the grain and wealth arrive here, we will address the urgent needs first, so everyone please help us.”

At that time, Hyun Young, who had been listening quietly, opened his mouth with a slightly displeased look.

“There is a limit to mercy too.”

“Sect leader, I am also a Taoist. I am not dissatisfied with the wealth being used to save people. But that cannot be the entire solution to the problem. Our Mount Hua’s treasure trove isn’t eternal, right? I cannot take responsibility for others forever.”

Hyun Jong agreed with that and nodded. Worldly affairs could not be solved with the heart alone. Of course, realistic aspects must also be taken into consideration.

In this situation, there was one person who gave the most accurate opinion, and Hyun Jong’s eyes turned to that person.

“Chung Myung. Your thoughts?”

Chung Myung tapped his cheek a couple of times with his finger and then said.

“The Evil Faction doesn’t have patience, nor are they warriors, so they cannot make a fuss for long. The situation is as such for now, but soon it will lose its momentum and become quiet. Then, most things around will turn normal. The problem is that the waterway is blocked, and the workers have no place to work right now…”

Chung Myung shrugged his shoulders.

“We already have a shortage of manpower, so we hired workers. It would be nice to just bring in free manpower and do it for them, but… well, bandits are people who don’t know how to work right in the first place, so if we continue like this, problems will arise.”

Then, Chung Myung, who was irritated for no reason, glared at Im So-Byeong.

“If the King of Green Forest had some dignity, he could have taken the situation seriously.”

“… I am sorry for being so disrespectful.”

“If you know that, then it’s good enough.”

Hyun Jong sighed lightly and told Hyun Young.

“That being said, let’s spend our money for a while. Aren’t our Mount Hua disciples also responsible for the situation on the Yangtze River turning out like this?”

“Even if we aren’t responsible, you would have still used it.”

“Hehe, please understand.”

Hyun Young pouted but no longer objected to Hyun Jong’s words.

When the surrounding noise died down a little, Im So-Byeong cleared his throat and quietly spoke.

“The reason the sect leader left me here to hold the meeting was probably to hear my opinion, so I will speak.”

“I just started the meeting without much thought…”

Im So-Byeong began his explanation in a slightly timid voice.

“Aren’t the merchants from the Yangtze River flocking to the mouth now? If we hire workers there at a good price, even the workers’ families will move in together.”

“Then it would turn into a city.”

Hyun Jong blinked at the sudden words.

“Isn’t that too far a concept to touch?”

But Im So-Byeong smiled and shook his head lightly.

“A city isn’t that big of a deal. Any place where many people live together is a city. Even if we don’t do anything, people who gather will build houses on their own, and if merchants see people gathering, they will come. A city will be created in no time.”

“Hmm. When I think about it, it seems fine.”

Im So-Byeong spread out his fan and covered it under his eyes. Both eyes shone.

“Then what we need to do is securely take over that city and turn it into a land for the Heavenly Friends Alliance.”

When everyone was nodding their heads as if fascinated by the mentor-like form, Chung Myung’s eyes suddenly widened.

“How can you spread out a fan in front of the sect leader? Will you not take it down?”

Im So-Byeong, who turned sullen, quietly lowered his fan and continued speaking.

“The city provides money and connections. Now, Mount Hua, the Heavenly Friends Alliance, and the Green Forest have seized an unprecedented opportunity. With this city as the center, we can exert influence throughout the Yangtze River and, furthermore, spread the majesty of our alliance across the Central Plains.”

“How dare you sneakily insert the Green Forest into the topic? Do you want to die?”

“Ah, don’t be so harsh. Just include it! I did join the Heavenly Friends Alliance, right?”

“What? Why don’t you just go and get an official post next?”

“Actually, I did try it…”

Hyun Jong sighed and covered his face.

‘Please, let us continue with the meeting, you people…’

Hyun Jong quickly opened his mouth before the conversation could progress further.

“So, the Green Forest King said that our Mount Hua… no, you think the Heavenly Friends Alliance should do so?”

Im So-Byeong smiled.

“Sect leader, you just have to do what you have done so far. There is nothing more to do.”

“… Is that alright?”

Im So-Byeong nodded slowly and spoke seriously.

“Those who have already gathered here remember the name of Mount Hua and consider you as the guardian. So they will naturally have a sense of belonging to Mount Hua… cough! Cough! Ah… one second.”

Im So-Byeong coughed several times and continued to speak with a red face.

“If they accept Mount Hua as their sect, they will consume what Mount Hua gives and then try to do what Mount Hua shows. They will push Mount Hua ahead, and Mount Hua will protect them. One exploits the other naturally… no, that… harmony? Ah, no… damn it, what is this called?”

The disciples of Mount Hua narrowed their eyes and looked at Im So-Byeong as if to say, ‘Ah, that is right.’

‘So this is why they are called bandits.’

‘Look at that thing going on in his head. He is the same as Chung Myung.’

As if to prove the silent accusation, Chung Myung stepped ahead to help Im So-Byeong.

“Virtuous cycle! It is a Virtuous Cycle!”

“Ah! Right! The virtuous cycle! A virtuous cycle will occur. Then all is well. Hahaha.”

Im So-Byeong smiled brightly. Then, he suddenly mumbled something with a confused look on his face.

“No, but this couldn’t be easy… it is ridiculous to even think of it. If this was going to happen as such, why go for bandits? We could have been a Justice faction too. If you just pretend to be nice, people will give you the money back… Woah, the more I think about it, the more unfair it seems?”

“Get your mind together.”

“Ah, I am sorry. One moment.”

Im So-Byeong, who noticed the distrust coming in, smiled awkwardly.

“So, in conclusion, what we need to do is seize the commercial potential of the Yangtze and protect those who come there.”

“… I didn’t start this with this much thought in mind.”

Im So-Byeong heard the complaints inside Hyun Jong’s mumbling.

If one thought about it, all of this was done by the Four Precepts Alliance and the Nine Great Sects. And now they could swallow this meal whole just by raising the chopsticks.

Building a city on the Yangtze River, pushing people into it, and making it into their own land? This was a difficult task for a nation to do. But something so ridiculous was happening now.

“The question is, how will those Evil Faction bastards react?”

It was at that moment that a little worry bloomed in Im So-Byeong’s eyes.

“Sect leader! Is the sect leader here?”

Hyun Jong turned his head and looked at the door. This rushed voice came from outside.

“I am Hong Dae-Kwang of the Beggars Union! I stopped by because there was something I needed to share.”

“Oh, branch leader Hong. Please come in now.”

When the people at the entrance opened the door, Hong Dae-Kwang came inside.

Hong Dae-Kwang, who had just paid his respects to Hyun Jong, opened his mouth with a dark face.

“Sect leader… the Four Precepts Alliance have done something.”

Those words were enough to darken Hyun Jong’s expression.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.