Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Pure white silk shoes stepped into a puddle of blood.

The man frowned in displeasure as his footwear was stained by the blood that splashed up.

“…this is why I hate blood.”

The man, who shakily stepped out, raised his head and looked ahead. His face, once irritated, soon filled with joy.

The whole world was turning red.

The ground was soaked with blood that flowed endlessly, and bloodied corpses were lined up. Moreover, as the flames burning the palace soared, even the black sky was turning red.

The only thing there that wasn’t red was the man.

Jang Ilso, a man whose entire body was wrapped in a long white cloth, turned his head towards the source of the groans.

A man with one arm and leg cut off was writhing and groaning in a puddle of blood.

Jang Ilso slowly walked in that direction. Then he quietly squatted in front of the man and lightly pushed his forehead with his index finger.

The man’s body trembled like a thin tree.

Although nothing was waiting for someone who was already dying, when he made eye contact with Jang Ilso, he was filled with fear, as if he had encountered a demon from hell.

“Tsk tsk tsk. Well, it would have been nice if you had listened when I was saying something nice. Then, you wouldn’t have to lose your strength for no reason and could continue to enjoy your glory.”

“What does it matter what happens to a small clan like this? It would have been just fine if you had come under me and lived happily till the end. Such a moron.”

Bloody tears flowed from the man’s eyes.

It was true that he flatly rejected the Four Precepts Alliance’s offer to give up everything and be their dog. But who would have imagined that just because the offer was refused, such a cruel act would be performed?

Nothing in this palace, not a single ant, was alive.

The Ten Thousand People Clan’s demons came without notice, cutting, killing, and trampling everyone in this palace. Everyone who had been laughing and talking with him a moment ago had died at the hands of those people.

The leader of the Ghost Face Clan, Ghost Face Black Tiger, Mo Song’s face was contorted.

“Ahh. I know, I know.”

“I know what you want to say. You want to say that you didn’t intend to put up such a resistance?”

“If we had come and just threatened, you would have kneeled down at any time. No, no. If we had told you beforehand that we would give you preferential treatment, you would have licked my shoe at any time. I guess that is what you want to say?”

Mo Song’s trembling head nodded slowly.

The sight of the blood-soaked man trembling and nodding his head wasn’t pleasant. But Jang Ilso just smiled brightly.

“You pitiful friend. Think about it. If I listened to every word, I would end up spending my entire time meeting the heads of the Evil Sects. Isn’t that right?”

“There is a much simpler way than that. I will tell you. So listen carefully.”

Jang Ilso put his mouth to Mo Song’s ear and whispered softly.

“You just crush one suitable place. And the corpses are laid out in a row without being cleaned at all. Then wouldn’t the rumor spread quickly before the body even rots? The clan that rejected the offer of the vicious bastard, Jang Ilso, was massacred without a single rat left behind. The same thing will happen to the other sects that reject the proposal.”

Mo Song’s body was visibly shaking.

Jang Ilso lightly patted his shoulder.

“Do you know why I am telling you this?”

A pale smile appeared on Jang Ilso’s beautifully decorated face.

“It’s because I am grateful.”

“I don’t have any ill feelings towards you because you didn’t do anything particularly wrong. From my perspective, there was just a sect of the right size in just the right place.”

Bloody tears, mixed with hatred, pain, and sadness, flowed from Mo Song’s eyes, but Jang Ilso seemed to feel no emotion.

“Thanks to you, things will be twice as easy. So take it easy. My nature is generous… right. No, that would be a bit difficult. Your corpse has no meaning unless it rots here.”

In the end, Mo Song couldn’t hold back the anger and rushed at Jang Ilso as if he were going to bite him. But, of course, it failed. Jang Ilso calmly grabbed Mo Song’s face as he crawled.

And he tightened his hand so hard that it felt like his skull would break at any moment.

Mo Song grabbed Jang Ilso’s wrist with his remaining hand. But no matter how hard he tried, Jang Ilso wouldn’t budge and just slowly squeezed his face.

“Oh. You don’t get what I am saying. I tried to send you off in a good way.”

With a smile like a demon, Jang Ilso growled.

“It looks like you still don’t get why you are dying.”

The blood in Mo Song’s eyes began to rush out. He struggled and scratched Jang Ilso’s arm, but Jang Ilso didn’t move, as if it didn’t even bother him.

“It is a mortal sin to have no strength and no sense. Even a human being like me lives by paying attention to what everyone thinks, so what does a weak person believe in? If you believed that the world would work as you please for the weak, you would have nothing to say even if you died.”

In the end, a short groan and a terrible sound rang out, and Mo Song’s body went limp.

Jang Ilso got up from the place and shook off his dirty hand.

Ho Ga-Myung approached him and quietly greeted him.

“The arrangement is done.”

Jang Ilso glanced around.

“It is still a bit lacking. Let us make more of a mess here and scatter the corpses everywhere.”

Jang Ilso nodded with a gentle face.

“Spread the money elsewhere. I am sorry for surprising them, and tell them that when the Alliance takes over from now, it will be different from the days when they were running rampant.”

“… Is that really needed? Warriors will have no choice but to do what they are told anyway?”

“Tsk tsk tsk. Ga-Myung, you always take the right path, but then you say we aren’t good enough. War is about reducing enemies and increasing allies. There are already too many enemies, so there is no need to create more, even if they are the most insignificant enemies.”

Jang Ilso waved his hand and added quietly.

“If I can make them on my side now for a few pennies, that is a cheap price to pay.”

“I will do as you asked.”

Jang Ilso seemed lost in thought for a moment while looking at the corpses scattered around.

“Aren’t the others moving yet?”

“Yes, it looks like they are taking a wait-and-see approach for now.”

The leaders of the Shenzhou Five Sects were probably confused.

“They must be busy thinking their minds out to figure out what position they should ask for in the Alliance. I wonder how far they would push their luck.”

“Isn’t that the nature of humans?”

“Because they are doing such an obvious trick, they are still stuck here, eating dirt.”

Jang Ilso touched his lips. The smell of blood rising from his fingertips lifted the flesh.

‘They are just pigs who are well fed.’

Livestock locked in cages live with only the thought of what they will eat each day. So, they would never come out against them.

To become a wolf, you must not be satisfied with the prey you caught. From the moment the hunt ended, you had to think about the next prey, aim for it, and bite again.

“Alliance lord… this is how we handled the Ghost Face Clan, but even with such warnings, not everyone will follow you.”

Jang Ilso waved his hand dismissively.

“There is no need for everyone to follow. Those who do can be trampled, and those who don’t can be killed.”

“… You mean all those who don’t follow?”

“Why? Is there any problem?”

Ho Ga-Myung fell silent, looking at Jang Ilso, who asked calmly.

Only Jang Ilso would dare to do something like this.

He was the Alliance Lord of the Four Precepts Alliance and the man who tricked the Nine Great Sects into a humiliating treaty. All of the Evil Faction people in the world were paying attention to Jang Ilso.

But even if pushed by his achievements, at least half of the Evil Faction in the Southlands would refuse to join.

But killing all of them?

“Tsk tsk, Ga-Myung. I can see all your thoughts on your face.”

“… I am sorry. There are times when I cannot follow your thoughts.”

“It will happen sooner or later. What is the difference between killing him beforehand or later?”

“You have to push yourself even if it’s too hard. Every time the Evil Sects form an alliance, the results are always the same. We always get defeated by the Justice Faction.”

“But right now, the Justice Faction cannot unite.”

Jang Ilso revealed this.

“The fire in the Southlands isn’t important. What is important is that distrust has been planted among them. It means that we blame each other, taunt each other, and end up hating each other. In that situation, you won’t be able to gather under someone’s flag.”

“This is a unique chance. If it weren’t for this one moment, I, too, would become a pig in the Southlands. Before their blood dries and their wounds scab over and heal, they clean up the Southlands and head north. If that happens…”

Jang Ilso clenched his fists.

“I will have the world at my feet.”

Ho Ga-Myung trembled and prostrated himself on the spot.

“Of course, it will happen! Hegemony Lord!”

“Tsk! This guy flatters me so much.”

Jang Ilso waved his hand.

“It isn’t that big of a deal. That’s also a story from when things went well. If you deviate even a little, you will just become greedy and become a fool. Then, you, too, will eventually die a pitiful death.”

“It doesn’t matter.”

“I will be able to die with a smile because I have stood at the side of the Alliance Lord.”

Jang Ilso, who was looking at him intently, smiled.

Jang Ilso turned around and spoke again in a cold voice.

“Get it sorted. I will have to clean up a couple more places tonight.”

Jang Ilso walked slowly.

‘The die is thrown.’

He also didn’t start with full confidence. This is a test of himself and a challenge to fate.

But he knew one thing for sure.

There were times when you had to organize and move everything, and other times when you had to step into a black fog where you could not see an inch ahead.

What he needed now was the will to take that one step.

‘Nothing can stop me.’

The same went for anything else in the world. A world filled with peace-loving idiots who only cared about their own well-being could not stop him. Never.

If there was anything holding him back…

Jang Ilso’s gaze turned south. A distant place that couldn’t be seen from there.

He showed his teeth and grinned eerily.

“But so do you. The Sword Demon of Mount Hua.”

The small stream flowed and became a river, and now it had turned into a rough, turbulent river. No one in the world will be able to stop this flow anymore.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.