Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Over a dozen sects were set on fire in just a few days.

There were countless Evil Sects in the Central Plains. While destruction and fights were common in the world of Evil Sects, where the winners take it all, this was not an ordinary occurrence.

Those who heard the news could not dismiss it lightly.

First, the extinct sects did not just collapse; there were no survivors left.

Second, it was because of Jang Ilso that the sects were destroyed.

Hegemony Lord Jang Ilso, the clan leader of the Ten Thousand People clan and the symbol of the Four Precepts Alliance.

He was a person who immediately united the Evil Sects, which had been at odds with one another for a long time. He brought about a humiliating treaty upon the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families, who had dominated Kangho for the past 100 years.

He achieved what no one else dared to dream of turning into reality.

His fame soared to new heights, and the fear his name inspired increased significantly compared to the past.

The fact that Jang Ilso personally took the initiative to exterminate the Evil Sects was telling.

The Unification of the Evil Sects he declared did not end with words. The message that death awaited those who did not agree was clear.

The Evil Sects were forced to make a choice.

Just as Shaolin, Wudang, and Namgung had done before, they had to choose between a humiliating existence or extinction.

Of course, they tried to resist. They attempted to question and understand.

But after witnessing other clans and sects reduced to nothing but ashes, they had no choice but to keep their mouths shut and remain silent.

They also sensed it: the direction of Jang Ilso’s madness was by no means limited to the Justice faction. To him, everything was something to trample and burn.

The Justice Factions also seemed shocked.

If it had been before, they would have shouted and advanced south. Everyone would have said with one voice that a major war could be avoided if they stepped on them before they gathered more strength.

But they couldn’t do it now.

This was because those who were supposed to kill the Evil Sects by standing in the vanguard position couldn’t even set foot in the Southlands.

Even if they wanted to, they now knew their place.

Only when Jang Ilso came to the fore did people realize how much of a role the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families had played. And that reality soon turned to terrible hatred against the Wudang, Shaolin, and Namgung families, who decided something on their own.

It was the same for the Nine Great Sects.

Whenever something like this happened, they always came together and formed a coalition centered around Shaolin, Wudang, and Namgung. It was like that when the Demonic Sect had invaded, and it was as such when more foreign forces stepped into the Central Plains. So, it had to be the same now.

But that couldn’t happen. This was because of the hatred towards those sects, which arbitrarily concluded this non-aggression pact with other sects in order to save their own disciples, and this fact burned strong for the Justice faction.

Because they hated it, they couldn’t join together, and because they couldn’t join, they couldn’t talk. Since they couldn’t talk, they couldn’t unite, and as they didn’t unite, they lacked a solution.

The situation would have been different if Jang Ilso had declared an advance to the north and crossed the Yangtze River. They could have gone, saying that they couldn’t recognize the treaty concluded by the independent sects. If that had happened, then the treaty would have been invalidated.

But Jang Ilso only solidified the land he had gained.

Breaking an unreasonable treaty to protect one’s home might be acceptable, but ignoring a treaty to attack someone else’s land wasn’t the right policy for the Justice Faction.

So unless Jang Ilso crossed into their land, the Justice Faction could only sit idly by and watch as the Gangnam region unified around them.

“Did he plan this from the beginning?”

“That’s ridiculous. How far ahead could he possibly see? If that Evil Faction scoundrel isn’t a member of the Zhuge family, how could he have predicted all this? I suppose the circumstances just fell into place for him.”

“Damn it, if only the Wudang hadn’t done something like that!”

Those who watched the situation helplessly were consumed by anxiety.

The world understood. The power that has been amassed will inevitably be wielded. Nowadays, that force was sweeping across the Southlands, and once the situation was resolved, the power up north would grow.

And yet, they couldn’t prevent the Four Precepts Alliance from sharpening their swords.

In the Southlands, the Evil Faction waged war under the guise of Unification. Along the Yangtze River, many people suffered due to these same scoundrels running rampant.

But those responsible for the entire situation remained silent, with their gates locked.

Only then did everyone realize it.

The fact that the peace of Kangho, which had lasted for over 100 years since the Demonic Sect’s defeat, had come to an end.

The world was entering difficult times.

And in the whirlwind of turbulent times, it wasn’t just the Nine Great Sects and the Evils Sect that captured the world’s attention.

Anger filled the faces of those gathered.

The person who was drinking slammed the table.

“Can someone live with this anxiety? Should I just sit back while those evil scoundrels run rampant across the river?”

“… calm down. Isn’t this happening all over the land?”

“How can you speak so casually?”

The man couldn’t contain his anger.

“Would those evil scoundrels do something like that just to survive among us? Of course, they will surely come to attack us too!”

“As soon as they see signs of people gathering here, they will attack! If we just wait and look, we will end up in hell! Damn it…!”

This place was better.

When he thought about the hardships those living in the Southlands would face, he felt hopeless, even though it was someone else’s problem.

“It felt like hell just from seeing all the bastards rampaging around the Yangtze River… now even the Four Precepts Alliance.”

“Ah, about that. These days, the Yangtze River is quiet.”

“Uh? How? Did the pirates leave the Yangtze River?”

“It isn’t that. The Heavenly Friends Alliance on the Yangtze River is cutting down the Evil Sects rampaging around and has secured a commercial route to the Yangtze.”

“What? Commercial route?”

The man’s eyes widened.

It was understandable that the Yangtze was cleared. The Evil Sect running around were more like fools there. If they looked at it, they were no different from the rabble.

The problem was that no one could step forward and suppress them. However securing a path in the Yangtze River occupied by the pirates was the problem.

“Are the pirates staying still?”

“They say they don’t even dare.”

“Is that possible though? Couldn’t that be wrong information?”

“Yah! Rumors are the last things we get from the Yangtze River. The northern side of the Yangtze is gathering at the mouth of the river. They say that the Heavenly Friends Alliance has taken over the land, making it impossible for the Evil Sects to get closer.”

“… The Justice Faction shouldn’t go close to the Yangtze River, right?”

“They have nothing to do with the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families, right?”

This word held a lot of meaning.

Until now, the Justice Faction was represented by the Nine Great Sects and the Five Great Families. If those who used the name of the Justice faction weren’t part of those 14 sects, even the medium-sized sects in the world were also bound by the name.

But now, the perception was changing.

“The Heavenly Friends Alliance is handling the pirates… no, the Four Precepts Alliance?”

“There is nothing they cannot do! Think about it. The Heavenly Friends Alliance includes the Tang family and Mount Hua. And aren’t the sects outside the wall also part of it?”

“… They won’t be helpful since they are far away, and it’s just two existing sects then?”

“No, from what I heard, the Green Forest isn’t part of the alliance but is helping them.”

“Why would the Green Forest help?”

“Tsk tsk! It’s obvious. Isn’t the Ten Thousand People clan on bad terms with the Green Forest? Since all those people created the Four Sects Alliance, it’s inevitable for the Green Forest to have bad ties with them. So, they should take the side against them!”

A unified faction against the Four Precepts Alliance?

“Was the Heavenly Friends Alliance such a strong force…”

“Didn’t you hear? Mount Hua is the place that fought against the Ten Thousand People the most in the Yangtze River. They say if it wasn’t for Mount Hua, forget the treaty; even the sects would have been wiped out.”

“… Were they that great?”

“If you include the Tang family and Green Forest with Mount Hua, then they are untouchable.”

“No, I think there are too many rumors going around?”

“Tsk, you know nothing. It’s not the Mount Hua of the past. Even though Mount Hua has taken over the river and declared an island there, the pirates haven’t gotten close to it.”

“When the Nine Great Sects and the Five Great Families took care of their sects, the Heavenly Friends Alliance stayed on the Yangtze, keeping the pirates in check and providing help and relief. These are the Justice factions!”

But someone whose doubts weren’t resolved tilted his head at those words.

“… No, but that is a bit… what kind of justice faction leads bandits into a fight?”

“Now, now, look at you. You moron! If they hadn’t accepted the help of bandits, could they have saved the civilians on the Yangtze River? I wonder if they could fight against the Evil Sect with righteousness!”

“These bastards and their reasons! What happened to those who always spoke of being on the right path? Didn’t they abandon the helpless people and save their own lives? And these people, didn’t care about being perceived wrongly and took help to protect people! Now speak! What kind of righteousness do you want?”

“Well, after hearing you, it sounds right.”

“If it wasn’t for the Heavenly Friends Alliance, the Yangtze River would be a hell now. Thanks to them, people can stay in Yangtze.”

Everyone who listened to the man sighed.

“… I thought all those who called themselves the Justice Factions were the same.”

“Right. I never thought there would be people holding ground in the middle of the dangerous Yangtze.”

At that time, someone tilted their head again.

“But I don’t get it. Is it really the Heavenly Friends Alliance fighting the Precepts Sects Alliance? At best, they are just the small and medium sects.”

“You, don’t ever say that when you go to the Yangtze River.”

“You will die from being beaten.”

The person who gave the advice seriously clicked his tongue.

“For the people of Yangtze now, Mount Hua is the most important thing in the world. And… it doesn’t seem like they are grateful through just emotions alone.”

“What does that mean now?”

“This is news which came from the Southlands.”

“It seems that the situations are slowly coming out from the Evil Sect bastards who participated in the Yangtze River.”

“Is there anything special about what those bastards speak?”

“Nope, but there is one.”

“Do you know who fought against the Hegemony Lord during the war? Do you know who went against Jang Ilso, one one-on-one?”

“Venerable Heo Do… or maybe the Namgung family head.”

“Uh? Then maybe Qingcheng?”

“No! Didn’t I tell you it was Mount Hua!”

“Mount Hua? Who in Mount Hua?”

“It is Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon who fought against the Hegemony Lord.”

The person who heard this became angry, thinking it was all nonsense.

“What nonsense are you spouting! Isn’t Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon still a disciple? Is it possible for him to fight against the Hegemony Lord?”

“Who did I say vouched for these words?”

The man went silent.

It was clearly from the mouths of the Evil Sects who fought there. The Four Precepts Alliance was a symbol of pride for them. They wouldn’t uselessly tarnish the reputation of their lord.

“These are the words from those who faced the enemy and survived. These are the words of those who crossed the river and settled around. All are saying the same damn thing.”

Those listening gulped and looked at each other. They were curious about what happened next.

“It is said that Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon went against Jang Ilso, and it was an even fight. It is said that the sword of Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon covered the sky, and his courage shook the cliffs. But just as the winner was about to be decided… it was Venerable Heo Do who attacked Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon to prevent the result!”

“T-that… I will tear him to death!”

“Which is why you should stop speaking nonsense. If there is a sect in the world that can go against the newly formed Four Precepts Alliance, it is just one: Mount Hua.”

The man couldn’t refute it and just laughed in disbelief.

“Oh my, Mount Hua… Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon….”

“Ah, right. He is no longer Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.”

“Uh? What does that mean?”

“The title given only to upcoming warriors no longer suits him. A new title has been bestowed upon him. There is even a saying that this title was given to him by the Evil Sect bastards who participated in the war!”

“W-what is that title?”

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.