Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Mount Hua’s disciples all covered their mouths, trying to stifle their laughter.

Even Hyun Jong couldn’t help but cover his mouth, though his shoulders shook with suppressed mirth.

Only Chung Myung’s face twisted in annoyance at the reaction.

Hyun Jong managed to speak, forcing himself to maintain composure.

Hong Dae-Kwang, perhaps unsure if Hyun Jong hadn’t heard properly or simply wanted to repeat it, answered again.

“So, there is a new title for Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon.”

With all eyes on him, he gestured dramatically, like a representative making an announcement.

“Ugh! The brave martial artist who goes head to head with Jang Ilso! A high-spirited person who never backs down! We praise the spirit of not losing cooperation when everyone else abandons searching their own way…”

At that, everyone’s bodies began to tremble.

“The world calls us exalted; exalt that name!”

The four words felt like nails on the ears of those who were shaking with laughter.

“Mount! Hua! Sword! Saint!”

’Kuak! AUHHH! I am dying! Oh my, this is hella funny!“

“Sword Saint! Huh, Sword Saint!”

“Mount Hua’s Sword Saint! Kuak, right! For sure!”

Chung Myung’s face turned bright red, his fist trembling with irritation.

He knew the moment he heard it who had given him the title and spread it around.

“This… this fucking bastard… never stops messing with people!”

It was a name clearly given by that troublemaker!

There was no need to confirm it, as the blatant intention was obvious.

Usually, when praising the swordsmanship of someone from Mount Hua, ‘plum’ was added to the title. Hence, it should be the Plum Blossom Sword Saint, not Mount Hua’s Sword Saint.

It might be because Jang Ilso didn’t know, but if Chung Myung’s technique was to be praised, it should have been Plum Blossom Sword Saint. But instead, Chung Myung’s new title had Mount Hua in it!

The intention was to make it known that Chung Myung belonged to the Mount Hua Sect.

Besides, wasn’t the word attached to it none other than ‘saint’?

In the current situation, there was a clear intention for the name with the word ‘saint’ to spread throughout the world.

To upset him further…

At that moment, a hand was placed on Chung Myung’s shoulder.

“L-look after yourself, Sword Saint!”

“Kuak! Saint my ass! Ahhhh… ackk!”

Jo Gul was kicked by Chung Myung, flew away, and landed on the wall. But even as he writhed in pain, laughter kept coming out of his mouth.

“… oh my, Sword Saint!”

“I never thought there would be a title that doesn’t suit you at all.”

“Ah. A Saint! A charlatan! People will call you, Chung Myung, Sword Saint! Sect leader! Mount Hua managed to make one saint! This is such an auspicious event for the sect!”

Hyun Jong covered his face with both hands.

It was a normal occurrence, but the intention behind all this was different. Chung Myung looked at Hyun Jong’s shoulders moving.

There was even drool flowing down between his hands too.

“… is it that funny?”

Even Yu Yiseol was trembling slightly and turning her head to look into the distance. The solemn Tang Gunak was holding back something with his head bowed and fist clenched.

Sect leader sahyung.

He wasn’t feeling very good being treated like…

You shouldn’t be laughing, at least not on the topic of this, you Great Virtuous Sword!

It was definitely a good name, but those who knew Chung Myung couldn’t help but think about the fact that such a title was given to ‘Chung Myung’.

Hyun Jong cleared his throat loudly and tried to stop himself from laughing.

“That… ahem, fine… phew! Ahem…”

“… just laugh it out. Just…”

“Ah, no. My disciple is such a good person, ahem! Such a great title, I should congratulate you.”

The soul escaped from Chung Myung at this.

This was the first time he realized that the Chung Myung of this world had such a sophisticated way of screwing over people.

Hong Dae-Kwang cleared his throat and continued.

“The name of Mount Hua’s Sword Saint is spreading bizarrely fast.”

“… because it is being spread intentionally, it will spread quickly.”

“And at the same time, Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon… no, Mount Hua’s Sword Saint’s reputation is also spreading fast. Normally, a title like this would seem suspicious, but since the source of the title is from the Evil Sect, there is no reason to be suspicious. Those people won’t back down.”

Chung Myung let out a chuckle.

“This insane bastard really does such insane stuff…”

The status of the Hegemony Lord was enormous.

Therefore, just by mentioning the names of the disciples of Mount Hua along with Hegemony Lord would bring down his name. But, Jang Ilso encouraged this situation.

“Are you saying he doesn’t want fame?”

Chung Myung snorted at Baek Cheon’s question.

“There is no way he’s not obsessed with fame. That kind of guy, of all. To be precise, it would be more important to put others down than to move up by himself.”

The Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families did something that went against their agreement. This fact was causing chaos in the world, and a Saint appeared like a God?

As their names shone, the reputations of the two others would turn more muddy.

“The name of Mount Hua’s Sword Saint and the Heavenly Friends Alliance is spreading more widely. The people are praising the alliance, which helped stabilize the Yangtze River on behalf of the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families and opened the commerce path against the pirates.”

Hong Dae-Kwang said that and scratched the back of his head.

“From his perspective, it is a bit unclear whether this is something I should do or not…”

Since the Beggars Union was part of the Nine Great Sects, the consideration would be complicated.

“Well, at least at this moment, it is true that the name representing Kangho’s justice faction isn’t the Nine Great Sects but the Heavenly Friends Alliance.”

Hyun Jong nodded heavily.

Things continued to grow and eventually reached a point. Who would have imagined that something like this would happen when they set off to the Yangtze River?

At that moment, Im So-Byeong opened his fan wide, waved it around, and spoke.

“When people feel anxious, they look for something to relieve the anxiety. So, the more bad news comes from here, the more people will try to find a place to rely on. In such a situation, the Heavenly Friends Alliance and Mount Hua’s Sword… ahem! The Sword Saint will resonate with them a bit.”

“What is the big ahem in the middle? Huh?”

Im So-Byeong ignored Chung Myung’s words and continued.

“Even large dams would collapse from small holes. If the current situation continues, and the Four Sects Alliance gains fame and heightens the atmosphere…!”

Im So-Byeong hit the table with a folded fan.

“We begin to step back.”

Im So-Byeong nodded his head.

“The place where the Heavenly Friends Alliance is most underestimated is the Heavenly Friends Alliance itself. The sects on the western side of the Central Plains, including Sichuan, were already contemplating whether to make an enemy of the Heavenly Friends Alliance. But now, the Heavenly Friends Alliance has proven its justification and strength. If we hold the reins a little longer, those who conform to the order of the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families will come rushing to knock on the door of the Heavenly Friends Alliance.”

Tang Gunak nodded his head as if it was right.

“We are already seeing such movements.”

Im So-Byeong agreed.

“Right. So now I have to coordinate it well.”

“Why do you have to do it?”

“Hahaha. Am I not the right person to do it? Of course, the people here are great. Still, they usually only rule over the land under their management and have never managed the sects across the world! But I am the King of Green Forest! This is the body that manages the bandits scattered through the nine regions, right?”

“Which is why, you bastard! You evil bastard!”

“Ugh. After all, you are the Great Mount Hua’s Sword Saint, so you don’t like the bandits… t-there, be there! I will die!”

Finally, when Chung Myung rolled his eyes and tried to get up, Baek Cheon and Jo Gul quickly grabbed him and held him down.

Tang Gunak smiled brightly.

“Perhaps your fame will spread even further.”

“Don’t we need heroes in difficult times? Those looking for something to rely on prefer stories of heroism to reality. A courageous young swordsman who fought against the evil people of Evil Sects. There is no story that suits people’s tastes as much as this one.”

“And it wasn’t that wrong.”

“Excluding the Saint part.”

“Excluding the chivalrous people hoping in you.”

“Even if you try to use that again, you get kicked out.”

What kind of bastard was he?

“From the start, the Heavenly Friends Alliance was in a situation where they had to build up achievements. It is good that they have made a name for themselves in the meantime. The Heavenly Friends Alliance also needs to use this name.”

Seeing Chung Myung’s face trembling, Tang Gunak sighed.

He seemed to dislike the name too much.

“Normally, it is an extremely honorable thing to have a title attached to the name.”

“You laughed at it too!”

Tang Gunak couldn’t deny it and covered his mouth.

Everyone laughed at the absurd situation, but the ones enjoying it the most were the Five Swords.

“Woah, I am the Sword Saint! That too of Mount Hua! This warrior has no time left, even for death!”

Even so, who would have imagined that Yu Yiseol, of all people, would be laughing with that expression?

“Kuak! I envy you! I wish I could get a title too!”

But the reward for laughing at her sajil came sooner than expected.

Hong Dae-Kwang looked at Baek Cheon and smiled.

“There is nothing to be jealous of because you received a new title too.”

Baek Cheon’s eyes widened at this.

“W-why? What did I do?”

“I don’t know. Basically, a title is something someone else gives you. What reason could there be?”

Cold sweat began to drip down Baek Cheon’s back.

“You don’t have to worry because it hasn’t changed much. You are no longer the Righteous Sword, but Mount Hua’s Righteous Sword.”

“A righteous man who helped Mount Hua’s Sword Saint against evil…”

Please! Please spare him! Stop this!

He could not do this anymore. He could not look at the sajaes and sahyung who began to stare at him with their evil eyes; their eyes curved like moons and started to laugh.

‘Wait, is that embarrassing?’

This wasn’t something that could be solved by digging down a hole. He wanted to escape from the place, even if it meant throwing himself into the rapids.

“Mount Hua’s Righteous Swordddd?”

He especially didn’t want to stand out from that bastard. In the eyes of that little devil, who was just looking for a chance…!

It was when Hong Dae-Kwang opened his mouth again.

“And one more… for… Taoist Yu Yiseol…”

Yu Yiseol stood up like a beam of light and rushed to the door. No, she tried to, at least attempted it, and Tang Soso held her hand tightly.

“Ehe. You should listen to it, sago.”

“Plum Blossom Ice Sword ! Yu Yiseol! A peerless swordsman who showed icy sword skills and a display of courage!”

Yu Yiseol tried to escape like a stray cat caught by a child, but Tang Soso held her firmly.

“Stay still, sago! What is it? Your title is pretty and nice!”

It might have sounded like a compliment if her tone wasn’t so mischievous…

Yu Yiseol, whose ears were as red as her neck, fixed her eyes on the wall. Watching her shoulders rise and fall, it was clear she was truly embarrassed.

“… Is it possible for the color of one’s face to change like this?”

“Is this possible? Sahyung must be seeing it wrong.”

“In accordance with righteousness and justice… all the good stuff is added.”

Chung Myung mumbled and laughed while Jo Gul shook with excitement.

“Branch leader? Then what about me?”

“What is my title? My special one! Am I the Holy Sword of Mount Hua?”

“Why would you get the word Holy added? You’re so vulgar!”

“Ah, stay still! You never know!”

Jo Gul looked at Hong Dae-Kwang eagerly.

At that moment, Hong Dae-Kwang glanced away.

Hong Dae-Kwang smiled awkwardly and offered comforting words.

“That… won’t we get it soon? Uh.”

The light drained from Jo Gul’s eyes.

“… This disgusting world. Even if we fight the same way, someone is a Sword Saint, and one is the Ice Sword, the other Righteous Sword, and I am nothing? A sword of Mount Hua who just passed by… And I got hit the most…”

“If you were good-looking, maybe you would have a chance.”

“Is that something sahyung should say? Without a title!”

“Which is why I kept my mouth shut.”

“… Just wipe your tears and talk.”

Jo Gul and Yoon Jong painfully realized how unfair the world was.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.