Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The sound of grain pouring from the sack was pleasant.

Jo Gul, holding a sword in his hand, shouted at the gathered crowd.

“There is enough, so don’t fight and get in line! We have more than enough for everyone!”

And as if to prove his words, he tapped the grain sacks placed ahead and behind him.

“Really… we thank you, warrior. Thank you.”

Jo Gul smiled as he looked at the old man, shedding tears and thanking him.

Hyun Young used the money that Hyun Jong had borrowed from Chung Myung at interest to purchase a large amount of grain. They were now being distributed to the poor people of the Yangtze River.

Not just there, but all of Mount Hua’s Disciples and members of the Tang family visited nearby villages to provide relief.

At that time, the man who came ahead was scooping up grains into the sack he held out.

“Oh my, thank you. You are so helpful.”

“Haha. He is kind of handsome.”

“What an extraordinary warrior! Rumors about the young warriors of Mount Hua are spreading around the Yangtze River these days! Those who fought against the evil Jang Ilso!”

The chin of Jo Gul began to rise.

“Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha! What is so great about that? Of course, Jang Ilso was also great, but….”

At those words, the eyes of the old man who had previously received the grain widened.

“Then, could it be that the warrior…?”

“N-Nothing. My side hurts from being hit by Jang Ilso. Ugh… this isn’t going to get better easily.”

“O-Oh my… this great person….”

The flood of emotion rushed to the old man’s face.

He was so moved by the fact that the man who clashed with Jang Ilso was personally distributing the grain like this.

“Warrior, are you the famous Mount Hua’s Sword Saint then?”

“No? Then… Righteous Sword?”

“I put the grains inside. Next person.”

“… I think my grains are a little less than the other ones.”

“It definitely seems less….”

“No, it is the same…. Ack!”

Suddenly, a palm flew in and struck the back of Jo Gul’s head.

“Do not mess around and do it right!”

“Ah, sahyung, why do you always punish me?”

“I guess it is because the others don’t do anything worthy of being scolded!”

“Speak one more word and see.”

As Yoon Jong rolled his eyes, Jo Gul began to scoop up more grain, even though he was mumbling dejectedly.

“Ugh, this dirty world. Some people are Mount Hua’s Sword Saint, and some are Mount Hua’s Righteous Sword, and I am Mount Hua’s little guy.”

And then Jo Gul stopped his mumbling and pursed his lips. Yoon Jong smiled and helped spread the grain again.

“I really don’t know how to express my gratitude….”

Yoon Jong shook his head.

“I am sorry that you had to go through all the hardships because of us sword-wielding people.”

“Eh, how is that the fault of Mount Hua! It is all because of those disgusting Nine Great Sects and the Evil Sect!”

“Mount Hua is different! The Heavenly Friends Alliance is different!”

Shouts and cheers came from around them.

Since it was the time to distribute the grain, the public sentiment of the people in the Yangtze River was clearly leaning towards Mount Hua.

Yoon Jong smiled bitterly.

“Thank you for the kind words. But there are many places to stop by other than here, so I hope you hurry up a bit.”

“Yes, Taoist! I will.”

Jo Gul’s lips pouted at this, which was quite different from before.

“Why am I a warrior and sahyung is a Taoist? I am a Taoist too!”

“If you open that mouth of yours one more time, you will not be calling me a Taoist anymore.”

“… I will be quiet.”

Seeing Jo Gul quickly close his mouth and share the grains, Yoon Jong smiled and straightened his back.

He could see the Yangtze River flowing in the distance.

‘It seems so peaceful now.’

But this appearance was only on the surface; it was no longer a place that could be called peaceful.

“There are so many.”

Baek Cheon, who returned after rescuing the civilians, looked at the crowd gathered at the dock and mumbled.

Not long ago, there were a lot of merchants trying to cross the river, but it felt like the number had doubled in a couple of days.

The interesting thing was that normally when this many merchants gathered, there would be a fight or confusion, but no such thing happened.

Merchants whose turn was imminent waited in an orderly manner, while those who still had to wait a while pitched their tents and rested.

Merchants were known to be hot-tempered when it came to money, but here they were no different from gentle sheep.

The reason? Quite simple.

“Your foot is sticking out.”

“No, I am not pointing it out, but be careful when a cart comes passing by; you might get hurt.”

“Uh? Yes! Thank you so much for the concern!”

This was because the people managing the merchants were all bandits who looked like they could rip open a tiger with their bare hands.

“T-that one… Mister Ho Geol?”

“No, that is a merchant. Right, what is it?”

“Well, we came before the person loading the luggage….”

“Uh? Wait a moment.”

The bandit who was checking the order scratched his face with a sad look.

“Ugh. I am sorry. What do I do…if I report this, I will be hit to death. Ugh…”

The merchant flinched as he saw the bandit’s face turn white. Even as his eyes began to turn red, the merchant spoke up.

“Ah, no. Well, I am just saying. We can always wait and load it.”

“Oh my! Of course, it is okay! We have a lot of time!”

“Thank you! I will definitely repay the kindness! Please stand here. I will load yours right away!”

This was something he would never be thankful for since it was an accidental delay in the order. But the merchant was bowing as if he were genuinely grateful.

Baek Cheon, who was staring at them, opened his mouth to say something but then turned his head away.

However, the sight he saw when he turned his head was also not pleasant.

“So how much money did you say came in yesterday?”

“I have it recorded in the ledger.”

Hyun Young took the ledger and flipped through it familiarly.

If this was all there was, there was nothing special about it. Hyun Young was the person responsible for the Mount Hua records and handled the money.

… if it weren’t for the Green Forest King, who was turning over the ledgers, he would have to be on duty here too.

“Hmm. Have you ever studied accounting separately?”

“Haha. Isn’t that basic knowledge?”

“You won’t miss a single coin. The most important things for a lasting friendship are trust and honesty!”

“Right. True. For the first time in a while, I was able to entrust work to someone I could trust. But… from time to time, Eunha merchants will come to check the ledgers, so I would appreciate it if you could let it happen.”

“Of course! It is open to do so any time!”

“Hahaha. As I heard, you are great.”

“Hahaha. You are a great Finance Hall leader!”

Im So-Byeong held Hyun Young’s hands tightly.

“Please look after me!”

“Huh… heheh. Of course. Hehehe.”

Baek Sang, who was watching this from the side, was startled and spoke to Baek Cheon.

“S-sahyung. I just… in that hand…”

Baek Cheon also saw it clearly. Hyun Young held Im So-Byeong’s hand tightly and let go of it, and a heavy pouch appeared in his hand.

Baek Cheon, who saw Hyun Young clearing his throat and putting the pouch in his sleeve, closed his eyes tightly and turned his head.

That was the way the world was. The history of the world was like this.

Well, Baek Cheon’s eyes darkened slightly as he looked at the bustling dock.

“We should start getting ready.”

Baek Sang asked back, but Baek Cheon only smiled.

Chung Myung left the room, holding a bottle of alcohol in his hand. The halls were brightly lit.

Chung Myung, who was looking around the bright surroundings, slowly turned away.

Because it was too bright to have a drink.

His steps headed to the water. After walking for a while through the thick field of reeds, he arrived at a riverside that was rarely visited by people.

The river was turbulent, continuously rising and falling.

Chung Myung sat down in a suitable place and took a sip of the drink in his hand.

After a while, Chung Myung’s face slightly contorted as he put down the bottle of alcohol a little roughly.

As he lay down, he could clearly see the moon rising in the middle of the night sky.

Things were going well. Mount Hua was gaining fame, benefits, and justification for its actions. Through what was happening on the river, the Heavenly Friends Alliance will solidify its place.

What would have taken at least 10 more years was accomplished in just a month.

So they were a bit relieved. Because it was something Chung Myung wanted.

For some reason, it felt like there was this stone placed in a corner of his chest.

Was he afraid and burdened by the work Jang Ilso was doing?

He couldn’t understand the cause himself. Ever since he fought with Jang Ilso, this feeling of awkwardness, which he didn’t know, wouldn’t leave him.

He couldn’t explain it…

Chung Myung was startled and rolled over to get away from the place, then stood up.

“Oh, fuck! You scared me! What are you, a ghost? Uh? Ghost?”

Before he knew it, Yu Yiseol had come closer, looking at him with an expressionless face.

No matter how much he was on guard, how could she get this close without a trace… ah, right. This woman was always like that.

At that moment, Yu Yiseol slowly pulled out her plum sword from her waist and aimed it at Chung Myung.

Chung Myung frowned at the sudden action.

“What are you doing?”

Yu Yiseol nodded. Chung Myung sighed at this.

“I am not in the mood right now. I will spar later. For today…”

An eerie sword qi rose from the tip of Yu Yiseol’s sword. Without any hesitation, the pouring sword qi passed right next to Chung Myung’s face.

Surprised, Chung Myung wiped his cheek with a blank look. There was red blood on his fingertips.

“I won’t say it again.”

Chung Myung laughed at that, and then his face twisted into a slight smile as he slowly pulled the sword from his waist.

“I don’t know what you want to do, but I am really not in a good mood right now.”

“Be prepared to get hurt more.”

The eyes of Yu Yiseol turned colder.

“Sajil, know your place.”

“Oh? Then let us check how great your thoughts are….”

Yu Yiseol kicked the ground and flew into the air before Chung Myung could even speak.

A frighteningly cold killing intent rose from her eyes.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.