Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The sword flew in quickly yet gracefully, like a beam of light. If the wind were to become a blade, it would be like this.

But what made the sword dangerous was neither its speed nor its sleekness. It was the dense killing intent on the sword.

The flying sword hit Chung Myung’s sword and bounced off. But the Plum Blossom Sword, which was pushed away, gently changed direction as if it knew this would happen, and soon dozens of sword qi were scattered in the air.

Chung Myung frowned.

A sword was something that was felt at the fingertips. But sword qi was something that left the fingers, which was why one could not use it too many times. This was because one could not control an arrow that left the bow.

Spreading the sword qi from the start was no different from expressing the will to win without fail, even if it meant hurting the opponent in the end.

Chung Myung gritted his teeth and swung his sword. He created dozens of sword rays in the air and shattered the flying red sword qi one by one.

“What are you doing?”

What made Chung Myung angry wasn’t the fierceness or her unwillingness to pay attention to the situation.

It was Yu Yiseol’s eyes glaring at him from behind the sword.

Those emotionless yet subtly reproachful eyes.

Yu Yiseol’s body jumped up.

Chung Myung’s eyes darkened. He had said several times that it wasn’t a good habit to soar into the air. Unlike on the ground, movement was limited in the air. And there was no need to restrict such movement.

Yu Yiseol’s sword swung in the air, making dozens of plum blossoms bloom. Not too many, just enough to cover the body.

But just because the number was small didn’t mean it wasn’t dangerous.

The flower petals fluttering in the air, one by one, were fluttering vividly, aiming for Chung Myung.

Among the fluttering petals, a sword with a red tinge raised its head like a snake and rushed at Chung Myung as if it wanted to bite him. Like a poisonous snake hanging from a branch full of plum blossoms ambushing a passerby!

Without any hesitation, the sword flew straight for Chung Myung’s neck.

Chung Myung sharpened his blade and deflected the sword to the side. At the same time, he moved back to avoid the flying flower petals.

But Yu Yiseol didn’t seem to have any intention of letting him go.

She hit the ground and followed closely behind Chung Myung, who was trying to retreat. Then, she drew a line in the air as if she were making an orchid drawing.

This time, Chung Myung’s sword struck Yu Yiseol’s sword and slightly pushed it back. With just that small movement, the sword’s direction was easily changed.

Yu Yiseol’s sword passed right over Chung Myung’s head.

Thanks to that, Chung Myung’s foot hit the completely empty side.

The shock, which shook her internal organs, came out, but the moment Yu Yiseol was hit on the side, she leaned forward to disperse the shock and lunged ahead again, lowering her sword.

Chung Myung’s body moved to the side.

A sword filled with tremendous qi left scars on the ground. This type of sword attack, where one targets the opponent at the risk of injury, was something that couldn’t be performed in a sword dance.

Yu Yiseol let out a loud roar of qi, which was rarely heard. At the same time, her sword unleashed a storm of sword qi. The sword qi, filled with enhanced energy, poured out non-stop toward Chung Myung as if it were going to destroy everything it touched.

The red sword qi created by Yu Yiseol embroidered the black night.

For an instant, Chung Myung’s hand holding the sword clenched. A ferocious qi, different from before, was overflowing in his eyes.

The sword qi that flew in couldn’t pierce the powerful, strong sword and was destroyed. But at that moment, Yu Yiseol’s sword shook in the air again.

The sword, shaken to the extent that its tip blurred, bloomed red plum blossoms in the air. In an instant, they bloomed into dozens and began to grow.

Plum Blossom Gradual Point.

The plum blossoms created by Yu Yiseol were scattered with the wind. The flower petals flew up like an illusion, targeting Chung Myung’s entire body.

A most deadly flower.

It was the first time Chung Myung had seen the Plum Blossom Sword qi flying towards him with such deadly killing intent. The corners of his lips twitched.

He swung the sword once and held it, moving slowly.

His sword was drawn diagonally.

A red line formed among the flower petals, which flew in with utmost force. The petals that touched the point fell apart, creating a large gap.

At that moment, Chung Myung hit the ground with force and pierced through the gap of the beam of light.

Yu Yiseol also rushed to Chung Myung as if she knew he would do so. Then she swung the sword at his neck at a speed invisible to the eye.

But Chung Myung didn’t dodge or take the attack.

Chung Myung’s sword collided head-on with Yu Yiseol’s sword. Red blood spurted from Yu Yiseol’s mouth.

Chung Myung threw away his sword and hit her in the solar plexus with his shoulder. Yu Yiseol flew and fell like a kicked stone.

Looking at Yu Yiseol, who had collapsed, Chung Myung took a deep breath and spoke softly.

No matter what kind of ties sahyung-sajaes had, using killing intent to fight another was unacceptable. Of course, she probably did it knowing she wouldn’t be able to defeat Chung Myung even if she tried, but even so, the same held true.

At that time, Yu Yiseol raised herself up with her sword pushed to the ground.

Even so, her face was pale, and red blood was dripping from the corner of her lips.

Yu Yiseol, who had already returned with an expressionless face, mumbled and looked straight ahead at Chung Myung. Then she asked.

Chung Myung frowned, unable to understand the reason for the question. Sighing, he said,

“…The sword is light. But if you make up for that, it is good. At that age, there is no one who can be compared to you.”

But what came back was the same question again.

Chung Myung slightly contorted his face and looked at Yu Yiseol. Since he didn’t answer, Yu Yiseol answered it.

Chung Myung bit his lip at the calm voice.

“No, Sago. I know what you want to say, but Sago is…”

“I am weak. To the point of disgust.”

Chung Myung was speechless. Yu Yiseol’s eyes didn’t waver in the slightest. So he could tell that this wasn’t just something she was saying.

“It has been said. We are your swords.”

It was the same thing she said when fighting Jang Ilso.

Yu Yiseol shook her head.

“You fought better. When we were around you, that was disgusting. At that time, we were in your way. Troublesome… You have to protect us even when you are fighting.”

Yu Yiseol’s eyes were dark as she stared straight at Chung Myung.

“I didn’t do anything in the fight.”

Because it was a battle that didn’t yet fit their level of comprehension.

But Chung Myung couldn’t bear to say it out loud. This was because he knew how humiliating those words would be for a swordsman.

“You all are getting stronger fast enough. To the point where it is too much.”

This was Chung Myung’s true intention without any lies or hiding.

They were already stronger than when he was the Plum Blossom Sword Saint at their age. Compared to him, who paved the way alone, they had built a great foundation.

It’s just that they couldn’t fully unleash what they’ve learned, so it isn’t obvious!

But Yu Yiseol wasn’t easily convinced.

“Excessive greed isn’t a good thing.”

At those words, Yu Yiseol stared at Chung Myung.

A short sigh escaped Chung Myung’s mouth as he looked at her. Even though they had spent quite a long time together, Chung Myung still sometimes found it difficult to guess what this expressionless thought was.

“Then when will I get strong?”

“In the distant future? Relaxing in the Mount Hua you create through bleeding and suffering?”

Chung Myung was speechless as if his mouth had gone stiff.

Yu Yiseol said as she retrieved her sword and pushed it into its sheath.

“It is all meaningless. All of it.”

“A treasured sword that cannot be used when needed is worse than a dull sword that can be used at the right time. It is just an ornament.”

Yu Yiseol looked at Chung Myung with an expressionless face and asked.

“Why are you so scared?”

“Why do you not teach us?”

“I don’t know what you are saying. I am…”

“Not teaching us swordsmanship.”

Chung Myung frowned.

“What are you talking about? The Plum Blossom Sword Technique and the Plum Blossom Sword Movement…”

Yu Yiseol interrupted Chung Myung’s words. It was as if she didn’t want to hear the known things.

“Why is the sword you use different from what we use?”

Chung Myung closed his mouth.

This was because he also realized that Yu Yiseol wasn’t wrong.

“We learned to fight, how to not lose will, and how to fight back. But…”

“That isn’t a sword.”

Chung Myung knew what those strange words meant.

Even though it was the same Plum Blossom Sword technique, the sword of Chung Myung and theirs was different. His sword was learned from real fights. Because of that, his killing intent felt dark and cruel.

However, although their sword techniques have been strengthened for practicality, they still align with the original technique of Mount Hua’s Plum Blossom Sword technique.

Therefore, even though Chung Myung urged them to learn it, he didn’t change the direction of the technique.

“You never once gave us what you have.”

“…It isn’t that I didn’t give it to you.”

“I want to make the plum blossoms bloom.”

“Not in a painting manner, but living plum blossoms.”

Yu Yiseol’s eyes turned to the distant sky. She looked at the night sky in silence, then gazed at Chung Myung again.

“Why are you so scared?”

The corners of Chung Myung’s eyes changed.

Seeing his reaction, Yu Yiseol sighed.

“We are who we are. I don’t know what you want from us.”

Chung Myung stayed silent for a moment and then opened his mouth as if he wanted to say something, but Yu Yiseol spoke first.

She bowed her head slightly, apologizing to Chung Myung.

“Each person has their own reasons. I know; I, too, have them.”

“…But if you wouldn’t help, I will do it myself. I have no intention of being a famous swordsman who shines alone after the entire war is done. It is a worthless name. What I want is a real sword, even if the blade is worn and cracked, it’s there when you need it.”

Her voice seemed to have her will etched into it.

“Next time, it won’t be like the last time. I will protect you. Because I am YOUR Sago.”

With those words, Yu Yiseol turned away. And without any regrets, she walked away from Chung Myung.

Chung Myung’s face held a mix of complex emotions as he stared at her.

He stared in the direction she had walked away, silent, and bit his lip.

He laughed out loud. No, he tried to.

But no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t laugh.

Even as he looked at the sky, he couldn’t hear his sahyung’s voice.

All he could hear was the sound of the river flowing and touching the riverbank, along with the low sound of insects in the grass.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.