Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Hyun Jong looked at the person sitting in front of him with a complicated feeling that was hard to explain.

Actually, this was something that made no sense.

But, looking at those big eyes like a deer’s, he couldn’t open his mouth.

Every time he tried to speak, those bright eyes filled with tears, and he couldn’t continue.

Hyun Jong, who couldn’t meet those eyes, slowly averted his gaze and mumbled.

“That… I want to do that, but…”

He felt like his mouth wasn’t opening properly.

‘The Closed Gate… there are rules, but bringing in an outsider…’

The gloomy face sank. When he lowered his head, the round shiny head was so clearly visible that Hyun Jong flinched once more.

When Hae Yeon’s hope died down, the disciples behind him quickly gave Baek Cheon a look.

Baek Cheon, being pushed by them, coughed slightly and opened his mouth.

“I… sect leader. Of course, it is true that outsiders are not allowed to enter the Closed Gate in principle…”

He glanced at Hae Yeon, who was sitting gloomily, and continued.

“Hae Yeon, you cannot be considered an outsider in Mount Hua, right?”

“Right! Sect leader! We never thought of monk Hae Yeon as an outsider!”

“Wouldn’t it be helpful if we trained together? It is hard to find someone as strong as monk Hae Yeon.”

The disciples shouted together in unison.

Hae Yeon looked back, moved by the voices of Mount Hua disciples who were thinking of her.

“It is better to get beaten together!”

“If that guy is a savage, he will get one less punch.”

“I cannot stand him living comfortably outside by himself.”

… right, right. You devil bastards.

In any case, whether it was good or bad, it was true that the disciples of Mount Hua were helping him.

Baek Cheon opened his mouth again after receiving support.

“As you know, monk Hae Yeon has declared that he will not return to Shaolin. Of course, that period will not last forever, but don’t you know that it would be difficult for him to return to this situation?”

“Hae Yeon has lived in Shaolin all his life. If he cannot stay in Shaolin or Mount Hua, he has nowhere to go. Considering that situation, I think it would be a good idea to give him some leeway this time.”

It was excellent logic and a straightforward stance.

‘As expected, it’s sasuk.’

‘He really comes in handy at times like this.’

The expression of the sect leader, who seemed to be suffering, the proud back of Baek Cheon, and the poor back of Hae Yeon, who looked like a puppy in the rain. The disciples had no doubt that these words would work.

Until a man who didn’t know what compassion was appeared.

A crooked voice rang out.

The disciples all shrank their necks at the voice, which made the listeners instinctively cringe.

“The sect is going to be ruined.”

What made the disciples sad was that the person who said those words wasn’t Chung Myung. If Chung Myung had said something, they would have tried to make a big deal out of it, but someone completely incapable of making a big deal out of it was glaring at them.

Hyun Young burst into laughter.

“A decision on a Closed Gate is the most important decision that can be made by the head of the sect.”

“Then how can the second and third-class disciples keep telling the sect leader to make exceptions here and there for this Closed Gate? The sect leader says yes, it is yes; you people are crossing the line! How dare you come in and tell the sect leader what to do?”

The heads of the Mount Hua disciples dropped.

Actually, they knew very well that what he said wasn’t so wrong. If it was another sect, it would be impossible for the disciples to dare demand something in an important matter like a Closed Gate.

“I thought you would take it for granted if you treated them well!”

When Hyun Young opened his eyes wide, the disciples all crouched down, almost prostrating.

‘Who told us to come to the sect leader in a group?’

‘I think it was Jo Gul sahyung.’

‘Tell that bastard to stay after he’s done. What? If we come in a group, they won’t be able to ignore it? I will kill them!’

They came in a group and got scolded in a group.

At that moment when everyone was sighing in resignation.

An unbelievable statement followed.

“That isn’t for you to say; it is for me!”

Unbelievably, Hyun Young sighed.

“There are rules in a sect, but there are exceptions too. Monk Hae Yeon always fought alongside Mount Hua, risking his life numerous times. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that he is Mount Hua’s closest friend and guest.”

“So I wonder if we can make an exception this time and enter the Closed Gate together,”

Mount Hua’s disciples’ eyes widened.

“I thought you would say it is better to reduce a mouth to feed?”

“Of course, it doesn’t cost much to eat grass, but…”

“No. Monk Hae Yeon eats meat, right?”

The disciples were surprised and mumbled, then slowly turned their attention to Hyun Jong.

Hyun Jong looked at Hyun Young with a bit of unease on his face.

“If that is the case, why didn’t you just come forward?”

“Procedure is important. One should follow the rules.”

Hyun Jong let out a deep sigh and spoke with Hyun Sang.

“Martial Arts hall leader.”

“Has Mount Hua ever brought guests or outsiders to a Closed Gate in the past?”

“… Mount Hua had never attempted such a thing, sect leader.”

Nice. That was how their past should be. It was different from those Shaolin guys who just cursed when they were bored!

Ah, no. That isn’t important right now.

“Then what about the other sects?”

It was a difficult question to decide on right away.

When they had a headache, Chung Myung was the best.

“What do you think?”

Chung Myung hesitated for a moment and then clicked his tongue, looking at Hae Yeon.

“If it is according to the rules, it won’t be allowed…”

“Tsk, it’s obvious that if you leave him outside, he will starve to death without being able to beg, so let’s just take him. If we leave him alone, a beggar will come running and feed him, but then he will die there and turn into a fucking do… no, we cannot let the beggars take him.”

“And if he goes back because of hunger to Shaolin, it will hurt my stomach. I cannot stand seeing the others do well. Oh.”

How could he be so consistently ill-tempered? He always was…

“But it is still Closed Gate…”

“It isn’t like we did anything wrong to do so; we are just going to lock ourselves up in the mountain and train, so who would find fault with that?”

“… now that I hear it, it seems to be the case.”

At that moment, Chung Myung’s eyes widened.

“If you are going to find fault, they are probably those Nine Great Sects bastards. If those bastards even have a shred of conscience left, they shouldn’t find fault with Mount Hua. Just try it. I will run over there and pour oil on them and set it on fire! Thinking about it makes me angry! These bastards should feel that they are all equal in front of flame…”

“Woah, Chung Myung, calm down now.”

“Good thoughts. Good thoughts alone.“

Chung Myung took deep inhales several times.

“Phew, now I am calming down a bit.”

“Right. That is fortunate….”

“If anyone is nagging about the closed gates, I will open them and handle it first, Sect Leader. It would be a good idea to harass them.”

That was the real thing; this Sect Leader was so happy.

Maybe this closed gate would be a blessing for the Murim world. That unbridled colt… no, it was like the Asura himself was looking up.

“Anyway, if that is the case….”

Hyun Jong sighed and looked around at everyone.

“Since everyone seems to agree, let’s go to Mount Hua together, Monk Hae Yeon.”

“T-thank you, Sect Leader!”

“Goodness, Monk! Let us go together!”

“… Is that something you should be happy about….”

“Eh. Of course it is!”

Hyun Jong gave a short laugh and urged.

“Then, since all the important matters have been decided, everyone, get ready. We will go.”

“It is said to do things in one go. There is no good in wasting time. Let us go while we are at it. Every day is important to us now.”

The disciples of Mount Hua got up without hesitation and rushed out. They had to hurry to pack up their things.

A small smile appeared on the lips of Hyun Jong, who was watching them.

“Please take care of the place.”

“See you next time!”

The disciples of Mount Hua greeted the Tang family and Green Forest bandits who gathered, as well as the swarms of people who came to see them off from afar.

Hyun Jong looked at Tang Gunak with a sad look.

“I am sorry things have turned out like this.”

“Do not apologize. Alliance Leader, I know that this is not a choice for Mount Hua, but a choice for the sake of everyone.”

“You can leave the rest to us. Aren’t close friends meant to share the burdens of each other?”

Hyun Jong closed his eyes slightly at those words.

In the past, even when Mount Hua was on the verge of collapse, no one offered a helping hand. But now it was different. There were those who readily stepped forward to share the burden. They had a close friend.

Next to him, Hyun Young asked Im So-Byeong to handle the island.

“Please take good care of this place.”

“Don’t worry, elder. I will send the ledger to Mount Hua once every three months.”

“There’s no need to go that far.”

“Anything certain is good. How can someone who entrusts their money to a bandit be at ease? Do not worry. Not a single coin will go missing.”

“…thank you for the concern.”

Im So-Byeong approached Hyun Young and whispered.

“…if I make a single coin go missing, there is someone who will chase after me to kill me.”

Those who smiled took a step back one by one.

“Then, I will see you again.”

When Hyun Jong bowed in front of everyone, everyone behind did the same.

“We will meet you again!”

“Please take good care of the river!”

“I will become so strong that you won’t recognize me!”

When Mount Hua’s disciples gave a hearty greeting, the remaining members responded loudly.

The disciples of Mount Hua bowed their heads once again and turned.

As they slowly began to move away from the Yangtze River, Tang Gunak lightly stomped his feet.

When Mount Hua disciples looked back, Tang Gunak extended his hand ahead. Everyone, in unison, simultaneously clapped their hands.

“Win and come back!”

The loud shout was filled with enthusiasm. The disciples of Mount Hua sealed their lips tight.

There was no need to answer. They had already said their goodbyes.

They simply turned their heads and hurried their steps.

Im So-Byeong nodded and glanced at Tang Gunak as he asked.

“Why are you smiling?”

Tang Gunak, who had been twitching his lips, coughed briefly and changed his expression.

“I am already looking forward to it.”

His gaze fixed on the disciples of Mount Hua, who were moving away.

“When I think about how much they will grow when they break through the Closed Gate, I get excited.”

Im So-Byeong nodded as well. He certainly agreed with those words.

“I have to work hard. I don’t want to see that devil breaking through the gate come rushing at me. I cannot handle him now, then how will I handle him then….”

“… that is a bit scary for me too.”

Tang Gunak smiled and watched Mount Hua move away until the end.

‘I will be waiting.’

The day they returned, having grown even more.

The world would truly be engraved with it.

The names of Mount Hua and the Heavenly Friends Alliance.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.