Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“… did you say Closed Gate?”

Hwang Mun-Yak, the lord of Eunha Merchants, looked at Hwang Jongi with an incredulous expression.

“So… Mount Hua did so?”

He asked again, as if he couldn’t believe it at all, then let out a hollow laugh.

Hwang Jongi nodded, fully understanding his father’s reaction.

“That seems to be the case.”

“You want me to believe it now?”

“… I also couldn’t believe it at all, so I checked it out. The Gate of Mount Hua, which never closes, was firmly shut.”

Hwang Mun-Yak’s wrinkled eyes were filled with disbelief.

“So… Mount Hua really sealed the Gate? Our Mount Hua? The Mount Hua, I know?”

His voice was filled with disbelief. Hwang Jongi nodded again with a serious look.

“It seems to be true. The rumor has spread throughout Shaanxi and the world.”

“I see. Then it must be certain. It must be certain….”

“It has to be certain….”

Hwang Mun-Yak turned his gaze with an indescribable emotion.

Nom nom nom nom nom.

“… just what is happening?”

He looked at a person who was emptying a large table of food like a storm with trembling eyes.

If this is true… then this man shouldn’t be here…?

Chung Myung, who had bravely torn off a duck leg and emptied the alcohol in one gulp, put the bottle down with a thud.

“Kuak. Now I can finally live.”

“They say you need to eat food when it comes. Tsk. We should change the chefs in Mount Hua, I guess. It is so dreary.”

Hwang Mun-Yak stared blankly at Chung Myung and then said,

When he called out in a trembling voice, Chung Myung calmly turned his head as if asking why he was being called.

“Just now… did I hear the… truth?”

“What is it? Closed Gate?”

“Uh. That, Mount Hua is in Closed Gate…”

“Right. I was too lazy to do this and that, so I just closed the Gate.”

There was no need to explain, but Hwang Mun-Yak found himself puzzled.

No… sometimes, explanations are necessary.

“If you Closed the Gates, then how did the Taoist come here…?”

Hwang Mun-Yak smiled.

‘I should just give up trying to understand.’

This wasn’t the first or second time this had happened, and they should just let him be… Why did he keep trying to understand despite experiencing the same thing? People should learn to adapt.

But, Hwang Jongi seemed unable to let go of his curiosity.

“Look, if it is true that Mount Hua chose to enter Closed Gates, shouldn’t you be there?”

Why was he asking him that? He should answer!

Chung Myung, who had gulped down the alcohol again, wiped his mouth and spoke.

“No, it isn’t like we did anything wrong and chose to do so. It is annoying, so I am telling others to come here and there, but it isn’t like I cannot come out, right?”

“… n-no. Even so, the closed gates are…?”

“Ehh, they are all like that. Among the people who opt for Closed Gate, how many of them are really doing it? I bet those Southern Edge bastards and Wudang who said the same are coming out in the middle of the night in black robes and going out for drinks! I guarantee it, I will!”

“So just ignore the small stuff.”

Yes. It was easier to just ignore the small stuff.

“Well, since that is how it is, please take good care of the businesses in Hwa-Um village, and I will ask you to properly manage the trade route connecting to the North Sea. And the problem with the Eunha is that if something urgent happens, then the Tang family will step in, so if there is a problem, ask them for help.”

“And when you send food to Mount Hua, fill it up with meat… that, um…”

Chung Myung trailed off and hesitated, then gave him a look that seemed to say, ‘Do I have to say all this?’ Hwang Jongi opened his mouth with a sad expression.

“… I will keep the alcohol in the place I usually hide.”

“Hahahah. You don’t have to do that, but it is a Closed Gate, and I cannot go outside. The alcohol will spoil if I don’t drink it.”

“…then should I reduce it a bit?”

“Ah, no, it will spoil…”

“… I will bring more.”

“Kuak. Well, if you insist.”

Chung Myung shrugged and licked his lips.

“Ah, and there will be items coming from the Tang family. There will also be items coming from the North Sea to Mount Hua. When those items arrive, please bring them to Mount Hua regardless of the Gates. The Eunha will be allowed to enter.”

After making various requests, he let out a light sigh.

“I want to say that I will visit often, but actually, this will be the last time. It will be difficult for me to come by until the gates are opened.”

“I am worried because there is a lot of work to be done, but I believe that everyone will handle it.”

Hwang Mun-Yak smiled brightly.

“Don’t worry, Taoist.”

Chung Myung looked at Hwang Mun-Yak as if he thought it was odd.

“You don’t seem to be curious about why we decided on the Closed Gate? Normally, that would be something you would be curious about.”

Hwang Mun-Yak shook his head.

“People like us wouldn’t know even if we were explained. How can those who pursue profit know the intentions of those who pursue the Way?”

“I just think that the Taoist has a great purpose.”

“There is no such thing.”

As Chung Myung scratched the back of his head, Hwang Mun-Yak laughed softly.

“I will handle it well so that there are no problems. I will also cooperate effectively with the Hwa-young sect in Xi’an City and ensure there are no difficulties in increasing the number of sub-families.”

“Ah, that is right. Please do provide help.”

“Such trivial matters are not something the Taoist should worry about. The Taoist should just carry out your will. People like us are the ones who clean up the mess.”

“And you earn money on the side?”

“Yes, yes. You know a lot. Hahaha.”

“Since the Taoist appeared, not only Xi’an and Mount Hua, but the whole of Shaanxi has become lively. In particular, the pride of the people in the village is indescribable.”

“Ehh. What did I do?”

“And thanks to the Taoist, Eunha merchants have grown wings.”

Hwang Mun-Yak bowed his head respectfully to Chung Myung.

When Chung Myung did so, a startled Hwang Mun-Yak nodded.

“I really wanted to greet you once. I don’t think I have ever truly expressed my gratitude.”

“Thank you, what? Between us.”

Hwang Mun-Yak smiled and looked at Chung Myung.

Come to think of it, it wasn’t that long ago. They had known each other for just a couple of years. But those few years had saved Hwang Mun-Yak, changed his life, and even changed the future of Eunha.

All thanks to this person.

Chung Myung, who received Hwang Mun-Yak’s warm gaze, got up from his seat with an awkward look.

“Well, I will ask you to take good care of us. In particular, please take good care of the Xi’an area. While I am away, the Southern Edge brats might come out and do something bad.”

“Of course. The Eunha merchants’ power isn’t weak anymore. At the very least, I will ensure that Mount Hua sects in Xi’an and the sects that have ties to Mount Hua do not suffer any disadvantages.”

“Right. That should be enough. Okay.”

Chung Myung walked to the door, holding a bottle of alcohol. However, he didn’t open the door immediately, even after grabbing the doorknob; he hesitated.

“Do not worry. Mount Hua and Eunha are good friends.”

Hwang Jongi tilted his head at those unexpected words, but Hwang Mun-Yak seemed to understand the meaning and smiled brightly.

“If you say that, we have nothing more to ask.”

Chung Myung, who looked at Hwang Mun-Yak and smiled, opened the door and went out.

After the door closed, Hwang Jongi frowned as if he had no idea what was going on.

“He said something and left, but there’s nothing to say. It’s something worth asking, but it isn’t something you won’t do just because it isn’t asked. If you are going to go out and do this, you need to say something like…”

“Jongi. The words of people…”

Hwang Mun-Yak’s voice turned serious and firm, so Hwang Jongi straightened his posture.

“The true meaning inside is more important than the shell. A merchant should know how to read the hidden meaning in words.”

“The Taoist said he just came to greet us.”

“Greet? Are you saying he came to greet us before the Closed Gate?”

Hwang Mun-Yak shook his head. A calm voice rang out.

“He came to greet someone he will not see again.”

Hwang Mun-Yak smiled and said.

“Isn’t he a very kind-hearted person? After the Closed Gate, he seems to be concerned about what happens. Now, maybe the elders of Mount Hua aren’t like…”

He probably wouldn’t live until Mount Hua re-opened their gates. He has already enjoyed a long life.

And Chung Myung seemed to have guessed that fact.

“I have no more regrets. If you think about it, I should have died already, but thanks to the Taoist, I have seen many things, which are more than enough.”

“If I have any worries, it is about you and the merchant union. The Taoist must have guessed it. If Mount Hua had suddenly closed its gates, I wouldn’t have been able to rest comfortably due to concerns about you. He came here on purpose to tell me not to worry.”

Hwang Mun-Yak, who had been speaking slowly, closed his eyes tightly.

‘Taoism is such a separate thing.’

Even though his actions were extremely rough, Chung Myung actually had an incredibly warm heart.

“I am worried about the Taoist.”

“Trouble will come. The world is always changing.”

“How much more will that kind person be hurt in the rough world?”

Hwang Mun-Yak sighed.

“If a person doesn’t know gratitude, he is worse than an animal. Jongi.”

“As a leader of the Eunha merchants, and as a human, help him and Mount Hua.”

“… I will keep that in mind.”

“Right. That is enough.”

Hwang Mun-Yak smiled brightly.

It was regrettable that he could not see Mount Hua and Eunha commanding the world in the future with his own eyes, but he didn’t have any regrets because he could guess it without even seeing it.

“The Great Bird waits a thousand years to fly once. I am looking forward to seeing how high Mount Hua will fly in the future when they open the gates.”

“Same here, father.”

“Hahaha, but before that, I need to properly do the work which the Taoist has entrusted to me. I will be busy for a while. Let us hurry.”

Hwang Mun-Yak left the room and looked at the Gate where Mount Hua passed and the Mount Hua towering above.

“When the… flowers bloom.”

Nevertheless, he could look at the falling flowers without sadness because he knew that the day would come when they would bloom again.

“Take care, Taoist.”

A warm smile spread on the lips of Hwang Mun-Yak, which were marked by the passage of time.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.