Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Yoon Jong fell down without even a scream.

Jo Gul would have quickly caught Yoon Jong flying away if it were a normal situation, but now he didn’t even look in that direction. No, in those eyes full of venom, there might not be room for Yoon Jong’s safety now.

Jo Gul let out a roar and struck straight at Chung Myung.

A storm of sword qi rose like wildfire. An extremely fast and vicious sword qi. Even though it wasn’t a real sword but a wooden one, it wasn’t a sword qi that could be used against his sahyungs.

However, the others didn’t stop Jo Gul but rather helped him.

Yu Yiseol flew like a lightning bolt and landed behind Chung Myung. Jo Gul was in front, and Yu Yiseol was behind him, attacking him.

The fierce sword qi flew at the same time, but there wasn’t the slightest change in Chung Myung’s eyes.

Jo Gul’s stormy sword qi rushed towards Chung Myung’s front.

However, before it could turn into plum blossoms, Chung Myung’s sword dug into the sword qi.

The sword, which had been thrust in an instant, twisted momentarily and cut through the sword qi.

And he accurately stabbed Jo Gul’s elbow as he unfolded the sword.

The dazzlingly scattered sword qi disappeared in an instant, and Jo Gul’s face turned pale.

A dazzling, swift sword strike followed.

The reason Jo Gul was able to somehow block the sword flying towards his neck was because his sword was one of the fastest in Mount Hua.

The moment the swords clashed, Jo Gul instinctively felt something was wrong. The sword flying towards his neck had no strength at all. When it met the sword of Jo Gul, it bounced back weakly like chopsticks hitting a club.

Instead, Chung Myung’s fist, which was holding the sword, flew straight for Jo Gul’s jaw.

Jo Gul, who was hit directly in the jaw, collapsed on the spot without even being able to scream.

Yu Yiseol, who was flying towards Chung Myung’s back, gritted her teeth.

She thought she had properly dealt with the two attacks, but before she could even stab the sword in, Jo Gul collapsed. Yu Yiseol quickly rushed ahead, spurring on her footwork, and stabbed Chung Myung in the back without a moment’s hesitation.

The sword, filled with incredible sword qi, flew in mercilessly.

And it was right then.

Chung Myung grabbed Jo Gul’s collar as he fell and kicked his leg. In an instant, the positions of the two people were reversed, and Jo Gul’s body suddenly appeared in front of Yu Yiseol’s sword.

Yu Yiseol, who was startled, hurriedly twisted her sword.

She was so flustered that a soft sound escaped her lips, which rarely even groaned.

The sword she desperately twisted barely grazed Jo Gul’s side. If she had been a little late, even a wooden sword would have left a hole in his body.

But she didn’t have the time to be relieved.

Jo Gul’s body collided with Yu Yiseol with a loud noise. Yu Yiseol’s eyes shook for a moment. If she tried to avoid the unconscious Jo Gul, he would get seriously hurt, but if she tried to take the wound, then she was afraid of what Chung Myung, who was behind Jo Gul, would do.

But there was no need to worry for long.

Before Jo Gul’s body could get any closer, Chung Myung rushed ahead and kicked him in the face.

Yu Yiseol’s body flew away like a windmill hit by a typhoon.

At that moment, the one who rushed ahead while spitting out curses was none other than Hae Yeon. Hae Yeon, who had bloodshot eyes unlike any Buddhist, quickly closed the distance and swung his fist like an evil ghost.

Shaolin’s Arhat Fist.

The Arhat Fist, which was fair and true to the basics and could be called the core of all martial arts in the world, flew towards Chung Myung’s head with killing intent.

Chung Myung turned his cold gaze away, stretched out the wooden sword, and took a step back.

In an instant, the sword split into dozens of forms, and countless sword qi poured towards Hae Yeon. It only took a split second for the dozens to turn into hundreds and the hundreds to grow beyond count.

Hae Yeon opened his eyes wide.

The Arhat Fist was a martial art that contained the secret of weight. Its heaviness made it difficult to change. Amidst all that, countless black qi suddenly rushed in, making his hands and feet dizzy.

If it had been the Bodhisattva Palm, he could have easily dealt with it. Still, he didn’t have the luxury of converting the Arhat Fist qi into the Bodhisattva Palm.

Hae Yeon clenched his teeth and swung his fist.

At that moment, the black qi that flew in struck his extended hand repeatedly.

Hae Yeon’s face contorted horribly.

It wasn’t because of the pain. He knew that if it had been a real sword instead of a wooden one, his wrist would have been gone.

Hae Yeon withdrew his extended hand and stomped to kick. His body was instantly covered with the golden light of Buddha.

Blood gushed out from Hae Yeon’s mouth.

Before he knew it, Chung Myung’s sword was pressing down on his dantian. Hae Yeon thought that Chung Myung’s emotionless eyes were coldly criticizing him.

The moment Hae Yeon was about to kneel, Chung Myung’s foot, which had spun around, struck his chin.

Hae Yeon flew like an arrow, soaring over the training ground and crashing into the wall.

Chung Myung, who had put down his foot, frowned and opened his mouth.

Chung Myung turned his head at the voice he heard.

Baek Cheon, who was limping, blood dripping from his mouth, was approaching with difficulty.

The hand holding the wooden sword was shaking.

Even someone holding a real sword for the first time wouldn’t have their hands shake like that. His swollen face, the blood flowing out, and the body shaking from lack of strength clearly showed that Baek Cheon was past his limit now.

But Chung Myung didn’t care about such things.

Chung Myung rushed toward Baek Cheon in a flash.

At the same time, Baek Cheon’s eyes, filled with killing intent, shone.

His sword shot out red plum blossoms. How could this body produce such qi? The plum blossoms looked vivid and shocking.

But the sight Baek Cheon saw next was completely different from what he had expected.

Chung Myung, who flew straight in, instead of swinging his sword, extended his left hand, which wasn’t holding a sword.

His red-tinted left hand seemed to draw a vivid plum blossom pattern in the air, then immediately swung at the plum blossoms Baek Cheon had conjured.

Baek Cheon instinctively stabbed his sword at Chung Myung’s neck, which was suddenly exposed. But Chung Myung stared at the scene intently, and when the sword almost touched his neck, he turned his head slightly.

Then, he immediately grabbed Baek Cheon’s wrist, which was holding the sword, and flipped it upside down.

Baek Cheon’s body twisted as his wrist was entirely twisted.

The eyes of Chung Myung, devoid of emotion, stared at Baek Cheon, who was gritting his teeth. Baek Cheon’s contorted eyes were still filled with the will to fight.

Within a moment, Chung Myung’s fist slammed into Baek Cheon’s face.

The moment Baek Cheon’s body collapsed like a dried-up straw, Chung Myung kicked his chest and threw him away.

Baek Cheon, who flew weakly like a corpse, crashed to the ground. But none of those in the training ground went to care for Baek Cheon.

“What are you doing, you brats!”

The moment Chung Myung shouted, those who had been aiming their swords from behind clenched their teeth and rushed at him.

Chung Myung’s eyes turned cold. He bared his teeth and jumped between the rushing people, swinging his sword.

In an instant, three people fell, dripping blood.

Chung Myung twisted his neck to dodge a sword flying toward his head, reached out, and grabbed the neck of the sahyung.

He held him up and rushed ahead, repeatedly stabbing the person he had grabbed in the stomach with his wooden sword. The person, hit more than ten times, rolled his eyes.

Chung Myung turned his body and threw the sword he was holding at the sahyungs chasing him.

As the people who had rushed at him flew left and right, the sword drew red plum blossoms in the air, one after another.

There was no need to mention the result.

At that moment, Kwak Ho, who had been waiting for a chance, rushed at Chung Myung without missing the moment. He was about to use the 24 Movement Plum Blossom Sword technique, but Chung Myung’s wooden sword suddenly blocked his shoulder.

Kwak Ho’s eyes turned red.

But Chung Myung’s face contorted as if he didn’t care about Kwak Ho’s pain.

Then he stomped on Kwak Ho’s body and pinned him down. Chung Myung’s shoulder, which flew in one after another, slammed into Kwak Ho’s chest.

Kwak Ho, unable to move, collapsed on the spot. Chung Myung’s harsh rebuke pierced the air as he lost consciousness.

“If you can win with just passion, anyone could do it, you moron!”

Chung Myung, who had been looking down at the fallen Kwak Ho, raised his head.

Those who faced him couldn’t rush in hastily and trembled.

Who didn’t know about Chung Myung’s strength?

But there was an absurd distance between feeling strength as an ally and feeling it as an enemy.

When they met his eyes, their stomachs trembled, and their hearts turned cold, as if they had fallen into ice water.

A blunt voice flowed from Chung Myung’s mouth.

Although the disciples of Mount Hua were full of spirit to train, no one dared to rush towards Chung Myung. They were like wild dogs surrounding a tiger, just watching and growling.

Chung Myung, who was looking at the group with dark eyes, twisted his lips into a smile. Just as he was about to speak—

The sound of someone’s foot being dragged caught his attention.

Chung Myung’s eyes clearly saw Jo Gul walking with difficulty, using the wooden sword like a cane.

The moment their eyes met, Jo Gul smiled. Chung Myung’s lips turned into a smile as he saw the teeth covered in blood.

“Too you too fucking long, you brat.”

Yu Yiseol, who had been lying down, also got up. Her gaze, which had been blankly looking around for a moment as if she couldn’t grasp the situation, fixed on Chung Myung.

In an instant, a shocking qi emanated from her body.

In the blink of an eye, Jo Gul, Tang Soso, Yoon Jong, and Kwak Ho also stood up and walked around Chung Myung, gritting their teeth.

Baek Cheon, whose face was bloody and swollen, also stood up, swinging his sword.

Baek Cheon’s gaze turned upward. The sun was at its peak.

‘It is still a long way off for the sun to set.’

This meant that he could do this fifteen more times.

Baek Cheon, holding the wooden sword tight enough to break it, laughed strangely and stepped towards Chung Myung.

If it didn’t work once, try ten times. If it didn’t work ten times, try a hundred times.

If he fought a thousand, ten thousand times, and fought again, then one day, he would be able to reach the moment he desired.

As Baek Cheon shouted, the disciples of Mount Hua, who had been hesitating, all at once shouted and rushed toward Chung Myung.

Chung Myung’s eyes darkened as he watched the disciples of Mount Hua rush at him, ready to die.

“These little brats…”

Chung Myung’s eyes turned cold as he turned the wooden sword around and held it. He slowly lowered his body.

After a moment, his body transformed into a ray of light and rushed towards Baek Cheon.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.