Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Luoyang’s Pleasure Street.

It was now an ancient capital that had lost its former glory, but Luoyang was always Luoyang. The brightly lit night streets attracted countless moths tired of life.

“Hehe. You’ve gotten so weak! How much did you even drink?”

“Huh. Still, so far. I can drink until daybreak.”

“Tsk tsk. Such a bluffer with empty pockets… euk! What!”

The drunk man, who had been staggering, fell to the ground with a thud. His shoulder bumped into something passing by.

“This man must be crazy…!”

The man who was about to shout in reflex closed his mouth.

The person he had bumped into glanced down at him. His face wasn’t particularly fierce. He wasn’t even big.

But the man who fell couldn’t even breathe and could only tremble.

It wasn’t because he was sensitive. Anyone who saw a dozen or so knife marks on the face would react the same way.

His friend, who had just sobered up, quickly ran over and bowed his head.

“I am sorry! This friend is so drunk…”

“I-I apologize on his behalf, sir!”

The moment the person staring at the two with cold eyes tried to move his shoulder slightly, the person standing next to him put his hand on his shoulder.

“Don’t waste time here. Let’s move.”

Then, the man with sword marks on his face licked his lips.

He stared at them, making it impossible to know what he was thinking, and then turned around without a word.

Then, the person who had stopped the man spoke to the drunk people with a chuckle.

“There seems to be a gambling hall in front, so stop by. I think you people are really lucky today.”

“N-no. Have you used up all your luck in your life? Maybe so. You can survive even after meeting the Bloody Blade Killer.”

The man who had been mumbling to himself soon caught up with the one who was ahead and hurried on.

The drunk, who had sobered up in an instant, quickly wiped the cold sweat running down his forehead.

“Well… the person’s face…”

“Did you see those eyes?”

“H-he must be a warrior.”

It wasn’t as common as one might think for ordinary people to meet warriors.

“W-why is a warrior in here… uh?”

The person who had been mumbling absentmindedly flinched and shrugged his shoulders. The person who had passed right next to him had a blade hanging from his waist that was so large it made his spine hurt just looking at it.

It wasn’t just a blade.

The person walking in front had a sharp spear sticking out of his back, and the man with a huge physique, who looked strong at a glance, walked briskly.

“W-what is happening?”

Everyone who passed by had an eerie air about them.

The others sensed it, too, holding their breath and stepping to the side.

“Is there a war happening?”

“Why would all those warriors come here?”

As these men with fierce expressions began to appear around, the common people glanced with curiosity and fear.

But there was someone who was watching this scene with a completely different thought.

‘… Bloody Blade Killer, Iron Ghost, Twirling Spear Ghost, Nine Ghost Swordsmen? What is happening?’

At the sight of the fierce Evil Sect people rushing in, the face of Luoyang Beggars Union branch head, Gwak Byung, turned pale.

If he hadn’t seen this scene with his own eyes, he would have never believed that so many people gathered in one place. Because the Evil Sect’s people were basically more wary of the people’s hate than the Justice Faction.

‘W-we need support now.’

But if he said it the other way around, it meant that something huge enough to gather all those people was happening.

Gwak Byung, who was about to turn in shock, saw something and froze.

He could clearly see the face of the man walking.

“So… Soul… Soul Breaking Killer…”

Gwak Byung’s face turned pale.

If the people he had seen so far were the famous figures around the river, then Soul Breaking Killer was the ‘big one’ who couldn’t be compared to them.

The middle-aged man, who looked dangerously thin, walked slowly and slightly turned his gaze to stare at Kwak Byung.

The moment their eyes met, Gwak Byung’s entire body went cold, as if he had been thrown into an ice cave.

Even though he must have recognized that Gwak Byung was from the Beggars Union, Soul Breaking Killer didn’t show any interest and just passed by.

Gwak Byung’s legs gave out, and he ended up collapsing on the spot.

The beggars behind him quickly ran over and helped him up.

“…. Just what is happening?”

Instead of answering, Gwak Byung followed the backs of the Evil Sect people with his eyes.

In front of them, at the end of the street, the watchtower of the Flower House towered high.

The top floor of the house was where only the wealthy were accepted, and it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that one’s status depended on how the floor was decorated.

The top floor of the Flower House was also beautifully decorated with extravagant ornaments, befitting its reputation as the best house in Luoyang.

Usually, the top floor of the place would be bustling with gold and the laughter of women, but now it was filled with dead silence.

Those sitting on the chairs, which looked expensive at first glance, stared in silence.

There were at least 20 people seated on the top floor of the Flower House. But no one spoke first, nor did they make eye contact with one another.

Although they were called by the name of Evil Sect, they were not on good terms with one another. How could such people, who swung their swords at one another and wouldn’t hesitate to stab each other in the back to take over this place, be on good terms?

It was even more shocking that there were no fights despite people gathering there.

They were gathered there for a reason, and they were trying their best not to provoke one another to avoid conflict.

But… the silence continued for so long that eventually, someone could no longer endure it.

“Damn it! How long are we waiting for?”

The Green Snake Blade, Jin Ryang, shouted. It had been an hour since they arrived, but the person who called for them was nowhere to be found.

Of course, he became angry about it.

But it seemed that some didn’t think of it like that.

“Don’t make a fuss, kid.”

“I said to shut up before I put this blade in your mouth.”

The veins in the eyes of Jin Ryang began to show.

“Do you really have the ability to do that, Red Monster?”

The one who was called Red Monster snickered.

“It isn’t easy for me to deal with the Green Snake Blade alone.”

“But there must be around 10 people here who want to kill you. So know your place and talk.”

Green Snake Blade was about to lose it.

Green Snake Blade closed his mouth.

His gaze fell on the person sitting at the back, Soul Breaking Killer. Seeing his expressionless face that couldn’t guess his intentions, Green Snake Blade sat back down without saying a word, red-faced.

Even though he was notorious enough to make kids stop crying just by his name, he couldn’t dare to go against the feelings of this man.

The strong were respected in Kangho.

And that respect for the strong was even more observed in the Evil Sects.

At that moment, Soul Breaking Killer opened his mouth in annoyance.

“It is true that this is boring. That person doesn’t treat his guests well.”

“If we were guests, he would have treated us well.”

At that moment, the door behind them opened wide, and seven men walked in. Everyone’s eyes were drawn to them.

The world was wide and vast.

Not everyone famous knew each other. Even if they knew of their titles and their fame.

And today, those who saw the Seven Killers of Jiangxi nodded their heads in realization.

Iron Ghost’s lips twisted.

“The rumors were no exaggeration.”

It was so exciting that his fingers tingled.

The Seven Killers of Jiangxi, the seven sworn brothers, were the messengers of Jiangxi.

Each and every one of them was capable of making a name for themselves.

This was why they had no choice but to face each other. Since two tigers could not live on one mountain, if seven tigers lived on one mountain, it was natural that hell would unfold.

But instead of fighting and killing each other, the Seven Killers of Jiangxi became sworn brothers.

Although there were just seven of them, it was a moment when seven strong individuals, untouchable by any power in the world, were born.

“Is this the killer? The ruthless Gal Cheon-rip?”

The moment they saw the person walking in the lead with a lazy look, they felt their entire body’s muscles tense up. Their bodies instinctively knew that this man was dangerous and warned them.

Gal Cheon-rip, who had been swaying ahead, turned and grinned at everyone.

“Welcome, trash. No… should I call you the bastards who ran without speaking out?”

Everyone’s faces hardened at the sudden insult.

“I didn’t know that spitting at others while resting is your hobby.”

When Iron Ghost spoke, Gal Cheon-rip laughed out loud.

“Right. Let us greet you now. I am Gal Cheon-rip, the first of the Seven Killers of Jiangxi.”

Those who had linked arms nodded.

Everyone already guessed who he was without him speaking. First, his presence seemed different.

“Let us get to the point.”

Gal Cheon-rip opened his mouth with no intention of being polite.

“The fact that those people who live off their pride have come all this way with heavy steps means they are starving. You ran to the North to avoid the wolves, but this is where the tigers live.”

Everyone here moved because they didn’t want to live under Jang Ilso.

Jang Ilso offered death or surrender as the only options.

But there was no paradise where they moved to.

It wasn’t as bloody as the river, but the North was an even harder place to breathe in. Every time they tried to do something, the damn Shaolin, Tang family, and Beggars Union would come running.

No one spoke, but this was a disgusting reality for them.

That was why they responded to his call. If the situation hadn’t been like this, these people would have never gathered in one place.

They came here because they hated doing so in the first place.

“Stop with the nonsense and speak. Why did you call us?”

Gal Cheon-rip’s eyes lit up at the man’s words.

“If the Soul Breaking Killer of the world asks, I should answer. The reason I called you is simple. I am out of money.”

At those words, laughter flowed around.

“So? Are you asking me to do you a favor now?”

“I am a beggar, but you are all beggars too. I cannot accept favors from beggars. In that case….”

Qi shone in the eyes of Gal Cheon-rip.

“It would be better to kill and take it.”

At that cold voice, even the air in the room began to turn cold.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.