Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

It wasn’t a particularly great phase.

That was obvious to those who called themselves Evil.

It was a phrase used by those who rejected the rites and laws that bound people.

If there was something they needed, they’d get it, even if it meant stealing. If there was something they wanted, they would take it, even if it meant killing. Those who found that uncomfortable probably didn’t belong to Evil.

But no one took these words from Gal Cheon-rip’s mouth lightly.

“Are you speaking about here, in the north?”

“…easier said than done!”

Negative reactions erupted around the room.

The reason why these reactions came from those who had no aversion to killing and taking was simple.

The Northern lands they were treading on were ruled by the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families.

If it had been just a few years ago, they would have been less concerned. Even if the force of the two factions was that great if they started a fight and the problem got bigger, they would just cross the Yangtze River and head south.

That was why even if they were chased by the Nine Great Sects, they could not chase them to the end of the land.

But now, they were in a state where they could not set foot back into their land. The moment they set foot there, they would die by the blade of Jang Ilso.

“We are not doing this because we are happy. The moment we act as we want to, those bastards will come running to us with anger in their eyes. How are you going to kill them and take their things away?”

“You are not saying you want to fight the Nine Sects, right?”

“Don’t forget this is the north.”

“…we came here for nothing. We didn’t come here to listen to such nonsense.”

Despite the voices of criticism from around, Gal Cheon-rip snickered. The soft laughter drove everyone back into silence.

“…what is so funny?”

The First Killer stopped laughing and opened his mouth at the question from Soul Breaking Killer.

“It is funny. Of course it is.”

He shrugged his shoulders and twisted his lips into a smile.

“How could it not be funny to see those starving to death drooling while a feast is placed right in front of them?”

In an instant, a serious killing intent surged through the quiet room.

Everyone in the room glared at Gal Cheon-rip with eyes that seemed like they wanted to devour him. Then, the Seven Killers of Jiangxi, guarding Gal Cheon-rip, bared their teeth and stepped forward.

“Not even knowing your…”

At that moment, Gal Cheon-rip lifted his hand and stopped them.

Then he narrowed his eyes and asked.

“Did I say something wrong?”

“You must have held your breath because you couldn’t do anything right away. Those who saw blood on their land are more vicious than those who had their money stolen. So you must have thought to wait and see. But… did anything get better?”

It had been 2 years.

They had been sucking their thumbs for 2 years now without doing anything. But everyone felt that even that had reached its limit now.

“In the end, it is obvious what fate you will face: either hold on and hold on until you die of hunger. Or… in the end, you cannot hold on and do something yourself or get caught by someone and get stabbed in the back.”

Severing the muscles in their limbs and cutting off their pulse.

A punishment that destroyed a warrior’s life by having their limbs cut. If the dantian was destroyed, one could not use their internal qi, but they could still use their martial arts learned through the body. But those who had been hit on their blood points could not use their hands and feet properly, so they could not even live normal lives.

The Nine Sects imposed that punishment on the Evil Sect who committed terrible crimes.

The faces of those who heard this were filled with displeasure. However, the reason no one objected greatly was because they also intuitively felt that the obvious future awaited them.

“So what are you going to do? Stop whining and tell.”

Gal Cheon-rip sneered.

“Even if we gather in small groups, we will only be robbing small ones. If we are going to rob, we should choose a good place. A place where everyone can live without concern for the rest of their lives.”

“What about the catch?”

“If you have money, there is nothing to worry about. And even if it was in the past, they cannot chase you for long now. Just go to Xinjiang or Cheonghae, and when things calm down, we move back with fake identities.”

Different thoughts unfolded in the minds of those who heard that.

‘They won’t choose us anyway.’

‘We’re moving to Xinjiang.’

‘We cannot live up to the reputation of the Seven Killers of Jiangxi.’

Those who briefly joined hands tended to disperse when the work was done. No matter how fast the pursuers chased, they wouldn’t be able to catch everyone who participated in the crime.

In that case, they had no choice but to give priority to those with great reputations. And the most famous people there were the Seven Killers of Jiangxi, no matter what anyone else thought.

“Definitely. I am sick of just sucking on my thumb like this.”

“Damn it. It isn’t the money! Those Nine Sects are openly looking down on us. How long should I keep my mouth shut?”

“… it’s like this now, and if the Wudang and Southern Edge open the gates….”

There was a reason why the Evil Sects gathered in the Southern land in the first place. It was because it was too difficult to do business in the north, where many of the Nine Sects were located.

The sects guarding the center of the north were Shaolin, Wudang, Beggars Union, Southern Edge, and Namgung.

Even though two of the five sects had shut their gates, the pressure made it difficult to breathe. If that was the case, wouldn’t it be obvious what would happen if those two sects lifted their Closed Gates?

Gal Cheon-rip raised his head.

The Soul Breaking Killer was staring at him coldly with arms crossed.

“Where are you planning to raid with all these people gathered here? It shouldn’t be an ordinary place.”

“Of course not. I am going to raid one of the ten sects of the Central Plains.”

“Are you even in your right mind?”

When the words “ten sects” came out, everyone fell silent.

The Soul Breaking Killer also shook his head.

“If it is a place like that, it has to be related to the Nine Great Sects or Five Great Families. The Nine Sects who robbed us of our lives will come chasing after us if we touch anything.”

“You don’t have to worry about that. The place I am going to rob does not have much chance of being tracked.”

“There is no guard for them, and there is just one place where the warehouse is thicker than anywhere else.”

“Eunha Merchant Union.”

The people gathered frowned and whispered at Gal Cheon-rip’s words.

“Eunha Merchant Union?”

“… Such a place exists?”

“Ah. If it is the Eunha Express Delivery, then is it easy to understand?”

“… You are going to rob that?”

“In recent times, it has risen to the top ten in merchant unions in the Central Plains. But that doesn’t mean it is at the bottom, either. It is a place with money swelling up.”

“How could there not be an allied sect with such a place?”

“Of course there is. But not now. The ally is Mount Hua.”

Those who finally understood the situation glared.

“… Mount Hua, who was the flame, is their ally.”

“An interesting story.”

At that moment, Iron Ghost, who had been listening silently, spoke.

“Now, the Shanxi sects are under Closed Gates.”

“… and the place is close to Cheonghae. If we leave Shanxi, we will be safe.”

Those who had guessed the situation roughly laughed, unable to hide their joy.

“There might be escorts and guards, but even they will be a bunch of idiots.”

“A small shop with no owner is no different from a treasure trove with the door wide open.”

“There is no owner?”

But the Soul Breaking Killer still seemed unconvinced.

“You seem to be mistaken. Do you think being in Closed Gate means being locked in? Even if they live in seclusion, the moment a fire starts in the front yard, they will come to put it out.”

“Ah. I know. Of course, they will open the gates.”

Gal Cheon-rip nodded calmly.

“But… isn’t that the same even if they do it? Surely…”

He looked at everyone in the room.

“You are not trying to say that these many people cannot handle Mount Hua, are you?”

Everyone who heard that laughed softly.

Not all of the people gathered there.

Of course, there were some who acted alone, but about half of them were leading small troops. If they could gather all of it, dealing with a decent sect was no problem.

“It would be burdensome if it was of the Nine Great Sects level… but Mount Hua, who doesn’t even belong there, should be manageable.”

“Don’t look down on them; Mount Hua leads the Heavenly Friends Alliance.”

“He is the leader in name. Is there even one moron who thinks Mount Hua is stronger than the Sichuan Tang family?”

Mount Hua was a prestigious sect in the past, and a few years ago, it was at the center of a world-shaking incident and gained fame.

But, objectively speaking, Mount Hua was nothing more than a small-scale sect that was nowhere near the level of the Nine Great Sects or Five Great Families. Fame and skill weren’t always the same.

Mount Hua’s Swordsmen, whose name faded long ago, gained fame by fighting Jang Ilso, the leader of the Four Precepts Alliance. To be blunt, that was only Mount Hua Sword Saint’s achievement and not Mount Hua’s.

“Even so, it is clear that they are members of the Heavenly Friends Alliance, right?”

“There is no reason to worry about the Heavenly Friends Alliance. The main force of the alliance, the Tang family, is tied to the Yangtze River, and there is no need to care about their pursuits. The rest of the northern bastards are far from the Central Plains.”

Those who had roughly finished calculating looked at each other with meaningful glances.

“So, if we can just handle Mount Hua, we don’t have to worry about anything else.”

Gal Cheon-rip nodded vigorously.

“It seems like everyone understands now.”

“Is it really alright?”

“If you are scared, get out now.”

Those gathered looked at one another. It was definitely a tempting story. But there was something on their minds.

One of those watching raised his hand.

Gal Cheon-rip looked at the person who raised his hand with a smile.

“I have never heard of the Shadowless Mad Killer being a coward.”

“I am not saying this out of fear. Even if I escape here, I will still have to return to the Central Plains. I don’t want to live my entire life being chased.”

“Right. It isn’t a bad choice. But…”

At that moment, a sword was pulled out from Gal Cheon-rip’s waist like a ray of light.

At the same time, Shadowless Mad Killer’s arm, which had been raised, was cleanly cut off and shot into the air.

A desperate scream came from his mouth as he grabbed the severed arm and fell from the chair to the ground.

Gal Cheon-rip approached him with a calm look and trampled on his face.

“This is what you call a coward. And I hate cowards.”

Shadowless Mad Killer’s body, whose head had been severed in an instant, fell limply to the ground.

Everyone remained silent as if bound by an unspoken agreement.

If it was the Shadowless Mad Killer, most of the people there were strong enough to not be able to guarantee victory. Such a person died like a fly in this fight without even fighting back.

This scene proved why he was the first among the Seven Killers of Jiangxi, and the title of Ghost Blade Killer made the world tremble.

Gal Cheon-rip, who had wiped the blood from his body, looked around at the others.

“Anyone else wants out?”

No answer came back.

Even if Gal Cheon-rip hadn’t done anything, the people there would have said something. And since they had witnessed this now, they wouldn’t speak back.

“There is no one wanting out.”

The Soul Breaking Killer stared at Gal Cheon-rip with arms crossed.

“But you should be prepared for one thing. If you gather this many people and move, one shouldn’t expect control. Hell will unfold now.”

Gal Cheon-rip smiled, showing his teeth.

“In the name of the Seven Killers of Jiangxi, I permit it. Go wild as you please. Anyway, I will be the one handling the aftermath.”

The moment the Soul Breaking Killer nodded, everything was decided.

“The nine Sects must have heard through the Beggars that we are here. We don’t have the resources to stop them, but there is no point in wasting time.”

“Then when are you going to move?”

“Why? Is there any reason not to?”

The Bloody Blade Killer slowly licked his lips after hearing those words.

“Of course. I was already bored to death now.”

“Not just you. Bring everyone who is interested. I will do it in a flashy way.”

The wolves, who had been enduring hunger for a long time, smiled bitterly at the smell of blood wafting from them.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.