Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“Will it be alright, big bro?”

After the gathered people left, Dam Hae, the youngest of the Seven Killers of Jiangxi, spoke.

“It seems like things are turning into a big scale.”

“If things are small, it would be a problem.”

Gal Cheon-rip smiled brightly.

“People cannot stand small troubles. When a house catches on fire, the entire neighborhood will rush out. Even if you don’t like the owner of the house, it is their habit to run to the well first.”

“But when there is a fire spreading to the mountain and starts to burn it all, the same humans will sit back and watch it burn. When you see something you cannot help, you cannot even think of taking a bucket of water to pour on it.”

Dam Hae nodded as if it made sense.

“But I am still worried. Aren’t they on the same side? Shaanxi and Hunan aren’t far, and if any of the Nine Sects come running…”

“That won’t happen.”

Gal Cheon-rip laughed bitterly.

“The reason the Nine Sects are acting so violently is because they are really losing it. Since their face is covered with filth, they have no choice but to hide from others and pretend like nothing happened.”

“But that doesn’t mean that their shame will vanish. Those who have been shamed want one of two things. Either to find a chance to do something to wash off the shame or…”

The second of the seven, Go Song, snickered like he knew what it was.

“Watch the others suffer the same fate.”

Gal Cheon-rip slowly nodded.

“Do you think they will try to stop Mount Hua from being damaged? They will look sorry on the outside, but on the inside, they will be happy.”

“… but they are called the Justice faction.”

Gal Cheon-rip clicked his tongue at those words.

“No matter what you say about those Justice factions, they are still people. It’s not like they’re born reciting chants and prayers. Their stomachs feel hunger, and they are no different from us.”

At his words, Dam Hae silently nodded.

Actually, he didn’t completely understand, but since Gal Cheon-rip was the scariest man among them, there was no good in making them angry.

Despite being sworn brothers, Gal Cheon-rip was definitely the scariest among them.

At that moment, Go Song spoke up, sounding displeased.

“It’s good to make a big deal out of it, but are you really going to make them go there?”

“… Are you serious?”

“Am I not? It is better to have a solid plan. But…!”

Yeom Wang-bu looked at Gal Cheon-rip with eyes of anticipation.

“If they are the ones who say they will follow us even after all this is over.”

Gal Cheon-rip smiled at those words, while Go Song looked doubtful.

“Follow? Are you really thinking of handling them in the future?”

“Haven’t we been living well without too many subordinates? But why now…?”

At that moment, Gal Cheon-rip’s eyes turned red.

“Are we living so well that we had to come to the north to waste our time now?”

As a deep killing intent rose from his body, Go Song and Dam Hae turned pale.

“While that damned Jang Ilso became the lord of the southern land, I ended up as scum in the north. What am I lacking compared to him that I had to end up like this?”

Gal Cheon-rip gritted his teeth.

“This was all due to the difference in strength. I can match Jang Ilso, but we cannot fight the Ten Thousand People Clan, not to mention the Four Precepts Alliance.”

“That is definitely true. If we had strength, we wouldn’t be persecuted by the other Nine Sects either.”

“We wouldn’t have had to run away from our land either.”

It wasn’t that the Evil Sects lacked pride. No, compared to the Justice Sects, which could bend their pride for a cause, the Evil Sects didn’t need to compromise their pride.

“I thought if we had power, we would live freely. I didn’t think it was necessary to bother managing subordinates and growing my strength. But… I was wrong. He was right. I am going to bring them all under my wing.”

Just as Go Song was about to say something inappropriate, Dam Hae intervened.

“You are thinking of making things worse.”

Gal Cheon-rip looked at Dam Hae with amusement.

“Why do you think so?”

“If we just steal a little money and run, they will disperse and avoid being tracked. But if we do something big that must be resolved, we will need a lot to evade the pursuers who will chase us to the ends of the earth.”

“Hahaha. As expected of the youngest. Right.”

Gal Cheon-rip burst into laughter.

“First, I will raid Eunha for money. And instead of running away, I will turn Shaanxi into a wasteland.”

“Then Southern Edge will eventually open their gates. Southern Edge is persistent, so they will try to find everyone and take them down. Then we will block their attempts.”

“If we were scattered, we would lose the pursuit, but even if we go against Southern Edge, we wouldn’t be able to bring all our forces down to Qinghai. The Four Precepts Alliance made sure of that.”

“Right. That damned Jang Ilso is stopping it.”

Gal Cheon-rip’s face contorted. Just mentioning the name Jang Ilso was frustrating to him.

“Well, we just have to subjugate those who have no way to return to the Central Plains. And….”

He paused for a moment and spoke with his teeth bared.

“We will wait for the Justice faction and Four Precepts Alliance to fight one another before we return to the Southern lands again. This is what they mean by returning home in glory.”

Go Song looked at Gal Cheon-rip with admiration. He had thought that his leader was only interested in gold and money, but it seemed he had a well-thought-out plan for the future.

“But they must have some idea…”

“They will be on guard. And they will also move according to plan. But…”

Gal Cheon-rip chuckled.

“Even so, it will only last for a moment. How long can a dog wait when the food is in front of its nose? There is no need to force anything. If we step ahead and start cutting down a couple of them, they will get even more excited and start running wild. By the time they come to their senses, everything will have long passed.”

“That is the kind of people the Evil Sects are made of.”

“But big bro… will those who didn’t even listen to Jang Ilso’s words listen to us? It’s not like we are below the Ten Thousand People clan, but these people don’t listen to anyone at all.”

“You can leave that to me. I am without mercy.”

And now the tuning was done.

“How many years has it been since we were called the Seven Killers of Jiangxi?”

“At least 15 years now.”

“Yes. Right. It is time for that name to change; it is boring. Instead of the Seven Killers of Jiangxi, we need to be called the Seven Killers of Qinghai so that it looks good when we return home.”

Gal Cheon-rip got up from his place and walked to the window.

He looked down at the peaceful streets of Luoyang and smiled with twisted lips.

“If the world is burning, we should throw in at least one spark. Let us make it clear that the world isn’t just for the Four Sects alliance and the other Evil Faction.”

Outside the city gates of Luoyang, the Iron Ghost appeared in the deserted lands.

He looked around quietly and frowned.

There wasn’t a single person around besides him. He tried to see if anyone was hiding, but it was the same.

Iron Ghost, who kept looking anxiously, soon gritted his teeth.

“… damn it, was it all just words then?”

Even though they came out a little early, he hadn’t expected to see this sight.

Iron Ghost, who had momentarily pondered whether he had come to the wrong place, shook his head.

“Damn it. Seven Killers of Jiangxi, my ass.”

Just as he was about to turn around, thinking he had wasted his time.

He noticed a few people walking from afar.

“… maybe they aren’t all cowards?”

But at this level, it would be difficult to even rob a small merchant, let alone Eunha…

But Iron Ghost, who was cursing, slowly became shocked.

Against the rising sun as the backdrop, countless people began to appear.

At first, there weren’t many, but as time passed, more and more gathered. The killing intent they exuded was terrifying to him.

‘Isn’t this more than I expected?’

He thought there would be, at best, around 50 people who would gather…

At that moment, someone whistled next to Iron Ghost. Iron Ghost, startled, turned to see Gal Cheon-rip, who was smiling.

“A lot more than you expected had gathered?”

“… I didn’t think there would be so many, big bro.”

Not only that, but the Seven Killers had also gathered and approached the people who were coming.

“Fortunately, the name doesn’t seem too shabby now, right, Iron Ghost?”

Cold sweat formed on Iron Ghost’s forehead.

Who didn’t know how fearsome this man was? Just being close enough made his spine shiver.

Fortunately, however, Gal Cheon-rip didn’t seem interested in him any longer and only cared for the approaching people.

It seemed like he had underestimated the Evil Sect people. Judging by the number of those who gathered wanting to spill blood, it was clear.

“Sigh, crazy people.”

In other words, this meant that there were many Evil Sects who were suffering under the pressure of the Nine Great Sects.

Dam Hae shrugged his shoulders.

“Since so many people have gathered from the start, I think there are still some who haven’t arrived yet.”

“It doesn’t matter. They will join us soon.”

The direction had already been set, so there was no need to wait for everyone. If they wanted to achieve it, they would move right away without letting the momentum die down.

The gathered people glared at Gal Cheon-rip.

Gal Cheon-rip nodded, appreciating the ominous atmosphere.

He paused, considering if there was anything more to say. Now was the time to show with action rather than a hundred words.

“Let us go right away.”

A sinister voice escaped his lips.

“Let us head over to Shaanxi and turn it into hell. We will give you whatever you want, be it blood or money!”

At those words, everyone smiled, baring their teeth. They seemed unable to contain their excitement for what was about to happen.

A pack of hungry wolves began to run towards Shaanxi in unison.

Towards Shaanxi, to the west of Luoyang, where Mount Hua was.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.