Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“You damned bastards!”

A thunderous roar erupted.

The leader of the small and medium clans, Rampant Tiger Clan, located in Sanmenxia, Jo Myung-San, looked at the scene before him with a horribly distorted expression.

He had come running without looking back when he heard that the Evil bastards had come to Xifan village and were slaughtering civilians. The moment he saw the burning village and the civilians lying miserably, a fire like a terrifying flame ignited in his heart.

The helpless civilians, regardless of age or gender, were dying miserably. Hot tears flowed down Jo Myung-San’s face.

“How could they do such a thing while being humans! Even if I tear them apart, it won’t be enough!”

The Rampant Tiger Clan was a small clan in the region and had never harmed normal people. They believed the only reason they learned martial arts was to protect and care for those weaker than themselves.

To their eyes, the sight of innocent people dying in such a brutal manner was a shock beyond comparison.

“Worse than animals!”

As the roar rang out, those who were leisurely leaving the village turned and looked at the disciples of the clan with eyes like wolves.

The sight of their clothes covered in blood made the Rampant Tiger Clan more furious.

“… what is that now?”

“Tsk tsk. What a great person.”

They were all laughing, but their eyes weren’t smiling; it was just madness in their eyes.

The word ‘creepy’ must have been made for people like them.

“I just cannot understand the thoughts of the Justice faction bastards.”

The Spear Ghost of Mount He, holding his long spear, snickered and approached the Rampant Tiger Clan disciples.

“If you had just pretended not to see and run, you could have saved your lives. What on earth are you thinking, coming all the way here and making a mess now? Do you think you won’t have a knife stuck in your throat?”

“That must be the Justice faction for us.”

The others also slowly began to turn back.

“Well… since you are our guests, we need to treat you well.”

Even though the Seven Killers of Jiangxi didn’t set the mood, the Evil Faction members stepped forward. They began to tighten their grip on the disciples who wanted to fight.

Looking at the approaching evil bastards coming with killing intent, the clan leader bit his lips until they bled.

“Lead the third-class disciples and go to Xi’an right now! We need to inform Xi’an of this situation!”

“The remaining first-class and second-class disciples will join me in stopping them!”

The disciples had a gut feeling that with their strength, they would absolutely not be able to stop them.

The force emanating from their bodies was already making the disciples’ fingers tingle. How could a small clan like theirs handle such monsters?

Even so, they couldn’t back down now.

The reason was simple.

If everyone ran, everyone would die. Someone had to stay and become the shield for the disciples who were running.

And the more important reason…

“There may still be people alive inside! If we run away, leaving the innocent people who need help to survive, wouldn’t it be shameful to call ourselves the justice faction people who have been shouting about righteousness all our lives?”

“A warrior proves himself by how he dies! Everyone, grit your teeth now!”

The fear in the eyes of the disciples vanished at the shout of their clan leader.

“Prove yourself by how you die?”

A bitter smile appeared on his lips as he scraped the floor with the tip of his spear.

“Then you will end up as dogs. You will all die here!”

He ran towards the Rampant Tiger Clan like he didn’t want to give up such delicious food he had seen for the first time in a long time.

“Defeat those evil ones!”

Starting with the Spear Ghost of Mount Hoe, the other members of the Evil Sects rushed in, laughing.

The clan leader began to gather as much internal qi as he could.

‘Even for a moment!’

He didn’t aim to win this fight.

What he wanted was to buy some time. He wanted to delay these evil people from reaching the next village, even for a second, to give his disciples a chance to escape.

‘The Nine Sects will surely come to help! Surely!’

With determination, he stepped forward and swung his fist at the airborne Spear Ghost.

The unique martial art of the Raging Tiger’s 18 Punches unfolded perfectly, like never before in his life. His two fists, enveloped with internal qi in red, swung like the forelegs of a tiger.

“Slow down, old man.”

The spear extended like a flash and pierced the clan leader’s right fist with ease.

The spear made numerous holes the size of a child’s fist in his forearm, elbow, and shoulder in succession, before lodging itself in the chest of the clan leader.

The Spear Ghost of Mount He let out a mocking laugh at the clan leader, who was defeated in an instant, making everything seem meaningless.

“Oh my, if you had trained instead of playing around, you could have endured longer.”

It was the moment when the Spear Ghost of Mount He was about to pull the spear from the chest.

Jo Myung-San grabbed the spear stuck in his chest with trembling hands.

That wasn’t a move to counterattack.

Jo Myung-San pushed the spear further into his chest, tightening his chest muscles and holding the spear with both hands.

As if he wouldn’t let it go.

As if he would delay the spear’s withdrawal and prevent it from being swung again, even if just for a moment.

Jo Myung-San smiled, blood gushing from his mouth, even though his face was contorted and unable to form a proper smile.

“D-do not… lay a hand… on civilians…”

At that moment, the spear swung in a single breath, splitting Jo Myung-San’s body in half.

“Such a foolish old man. You don’t even know your place.”

He turned his head, wiping off the blood that had fallen from his fingertips. Before he realized it, those who had been engaging the disciples were slaughtering them unilaterally.

Spear Ghost, looking for his share, clicked his tongue in annoyance. He couldn’t even swing his spear properly against these people.

He felt like his blood wasn’t boiling.

‘… there must be more worthy opponents in Xi’an.’

While he suppressed his killing intent, Dam Hae, who was watching the situation from behind, asked Gal Cheon-rip.

“Isn’t this funny, big bro?”

“I thought all the Justice faction people were hypocrites. Didn’t those Nine Great Sects beg for their lives from the Four Precepts Alliance?”

“But didn’t those people, who couldn’t even reach the Nine Great Sects, die while keeping their mouths shut? It’s funny that these people are called small and medium clans.”

“That is the opposite.”

Gal Cheon-rip chuckled.

“That is why they are small and medium clans. If they don’t pay attention to profitable things and avoid things that could be beneficial, how can a clan grow?”

“… now that I hear you, it is true.”

“A growing clan has to be sensitive to profits. A sect that truly believes in agreements and such is bound to end up like that.”

“But isn’t it still great?”

“It is great. They certainly deserve respect. At least they don’t just talk the talk like those moronic hypocrites, you know. But…”

Gal Cheon-rip’s gaze turned to the Rampant Tiger Clan disciples, who were screaming and dying miserably.

Contrary to his words, his gaze didn’t show even a shred of respect.

“They are such fools. They throw their lives away for meaningless things. Even animals avoid and run when they feel threatened… isn’t this worse than animals?”

“Hehehe. Yes, big bro.”

Gal Cheon-rip took his eyes off the scene of the massacre that was slowly coming to an end.

The Rampant Tiger Clan wasn’t even a thing to pass the time for them. It was like pouring a drop of water into the throat of someone who was dying of thirst.

‘If I make it worse, they might rush to bite their leader.’

Gal Cheon-rip gestured to the west.

“We have delayed too much. Everyone seems to be getting sick of it, so I think we need to head to the west now.”

“Yes, big bro. I will do that.”

A smile formed on Gal Cheon-rip’s lips.

The preparations were now done.

The beggar who entered the office bit his lips.

“A village is on fire.”

“The Evil bastards killed all the people in the village and set it on fire.”

The brush in Hong Dae-Kwang’s hand broke.

Hong Dae-Kwang bit his lips until they bled and took a deep breath with red eyes.

“… I only confirmed that they annihilated the village and moved further. They say they headed to the next village and were blocked by the Rampant Tiger Clan…”

Hong Dae-Kwang closed his eyes tightly with a pained look.

It was foolish. There was no way they could have stopped them. The difference in their power was so great that it would be fortunate if even one person could survive the moment they met.

How could they call those who risked their lives and ran for the people after hearing their screams foolish?

“Remember that name.”

“Reinforcements? What happened to that request?”

“We sent it with an eagle, so it is about time for us to get a reply.”

“Damn it, it is late!”

Hong Dae-Kwang bit his lip tightly.

“They should have been contacted before we got this information and even moved first.”

If everything went as planned, everyone would be running towards Shaanxi like madmen. They should be here before any damage happens…

“Branch leader! Branch leader, the reply has come!”

“Bring it here, fast!”

Hong Dae-Kwang snatched the envelope the beggar had brought and opened it in one swift motion.

Soon, his eyes began to tremble.

“Branch leader! A response came from Shaolin!”

“Uh? But my power isn’t…”

“I get it, so open and read it, you moron!”

The beggar, startled by the killing intent from Hong Dae-Kwang, opened the envelope on the spot.

The beggar opened the letter, flinched at the words written inside, and looked at Hong Dae-Kwang.

The beggar bit his lips tightly. His eyes, filled with bewilderment, shook.

“…. Reinforcements… not possible.”

Hong Dae-Kwang snickered and dropped the letter onto the desk as if it was slipping from his grasp.

The three words “Reinforcements not possible” were clearly written on the paper that slipped out of his hand.

“They cannot send support?”

Hong Dae-Kwang slammed the desk, shattering it into pieces.

“What are these bastards talking about! Dozens, hundreds of people are dying right now, and support is difficult? You… this… ugh, morons!”

Unbearable curses burst out of Hong Dae-Kwang’s mouth.

Their target was the main sect and Shaolin. It wasn’t something that could come from a single person’s mouth, but no one could blame Hong Dae-Kwang for reacting like that.

“Branch leader… what do we do now?”

“The main sect is telling us to withdraw…”

At that moment, Hong Dae-Kwang’s eyes shone.

He kicked the inkstone that had fallen to the floor and hurled it at the beggar, who opened his mouth before gritting his teeth.

“You moron. Even though we are crippled beggars who cannot even beg properly, we can live without starving because the people of this town trust us and help us. But you want us to be the first to leave because it’s dangerous? Are you a beggar from the sect of no use?”

“B-But… this is the order of the main sect…”

“Ignore what these old, senile, insane beggars say! Damn it!”

Hong Dae-Kwang blushed and barely managed to suppress his anger.

“You morons, run to the villages along those morons’ paths and evacuate everyone.”

“I-it isn’t possible…”

“Do whatever you can, by any means! Tell the people in the city to evacuate right now!”

Hong Dae-Kwang bit his lips as the beggars ran away. Red blood flowed down his torn lips.

“And even after this…”

Hong Dae-Kwang clenched his fists until the blood drained from his body, gritting his teeth and running outside.

His bloodshot eyes turned to Mount Hua, hidden in the clouds.

Finally, he made up his mind and ran in one breath to the hiking trail leading to Mount Hua.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.