Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Gal Cheon-rip’s lips twitched as he saw the wide-open gates of Xi’an.

“They don’t seem so stupid.”

“Aren’t they really stupid? They opened the gates for us to raid them.”

They had different thoughts, but there was no need to argue. Right now, managing the force is more important.

“Don’t they know that we are here?”

“There is no way we could avoid the eyes of beggars around the world. Of course, they know. It is obvious when we don’t see a single civilian walking in this big city.”

Dam Hae nodded at those words. It was definitely odd that no pedestrians were moving around the city when the sun hadn’t even set yet. The fact that there were no guards was also strange.

“What do we do? It could be a trap?”

Gal Cheon-rip slowly licked his lips with his tongue.

“Whether it is a trap or something, once we have come this far, there is no turning back.”

Gal Cheon-rip glanced back at those exuding killing intent behind him. If they even mentioned stopping, their killing intent would fall on him.

Gal Cheon-rip smiled and looked down.

Even if they all rushed at him, there was no reason for him and his sworn brothers to be afraid, but there was no reason to stop a festival midway.

“Let us see what you have prepared.”

Led by Gal Cheon-rip, the Evil Sect people began to head inside through the gates of the city with fierce intent.

“T-they are coming.”

The people of the Evil Sect looked no different from normal people in appearance. But the killing intent and their fierce aura were enough to make the hearts of those who saw them tremble.

Those who couldn’t run, those who couldn’t bear to leave their homes, gulped and watched them walk down.

The sight of those who didn’t even think of wiping off the blood on them, walking with weapons that looked terrifying, struck them with fear.

Gal Cheon-rip bared his teeth as he watched those who couldn’t even hide and froze.

“First… let us check the Eunha merchants.”

The group of people and carriages running could be seen. Then, it was natural to first check out their prey.

As soon as he finished saying that, Dam Hae flew like the wind, grabbed the nape of one of the people in front of him, and returned to Gal Cheon-rip.

Gal Cheon-rip asked softly to the one frozen, unable to even speak.

“Do you know where the Eunha Merchants are?”

The man nodded with a blank look. Gal Cheon-rip smiled.

“Guide us. Then I will send you off safely.”

“… what did you say?”

Wei Lishan asked back, looking at Hong Dae-Kwang, who was covered in sweat.

Hong Dae-Kwang wanted to ignore the shocked look on the face, but he couldn’t help but tell the truth.

“… there were no disciples in the Mount Hua sect.”

When he said it again, Wei Lishan, who had a stiff face, was silent for a moment, turned his head, and looked at the distant sky. Then he nodded.

“Clan leader. Think about this again. If it is like this, it would be better…”

Wei Lishan shook his head.

“Nothing will change. We will protect this place until every single civilian in Xi’an escapes.”

“I know. But… that is too familiar to the disciples of Mount Hua.”

“Thank you for your hard work, branch leader. You should also start getting out of here quickly.”

Hong Dae-Kwang bit his lips tightly.

“Damn it. If Xi’an falls, all the beggars here will starve to death. Where do you want us to go? Isn’t that right, beggars?”

The beggars of the Beggars Union, who had gathered before Hong Dae-Kwang arrived, shouted.

“Damn it, it is the same whether we starve to death or fight to death. If there are no people, we will starve to death anyway.”

“Kekeke. We need to show them how foolish it is to invade the beggars’ land.”

“Begging isn’t shameful. What is shameful is not being grateful for what we have received. Shouldn’t we pay for the food we have eaten?”

Upon hearing that, Wei Lishan smiled.

“Look at that. Why are you telling us to run away when you won’t run?”

“… the beggars of Shaanxi are all out of their minds.”

“It isn’t the beggars of Shaanxi who are like that. It is the people of Shaanxi who are like that.”

Wei Lishan said with a smile.

“These are the people who represent Shaanxi, so what can we do?”

Hong Dae-Kwang looked at everyone with an annoyed expression. But, on the other hand, he could see a hint of pride that he couldn’t hide.

Even the Shaolin monks and Wudang wouldn’t hesitate to bow their heads to their enemies to save their lives. Still, these people with no fame or possessions would not hesitate to throw their lives away against the evil ones.

“Ah, right. Since we will only live once anyway, let us not waste our lives! You beggars! Hang on and bite at least one more! Only then can the innocent people live.”

Just as Hong Dae-Kwang was about to say something more, someone spoke.

That short word created a tense atmosphere among everyone.

A group of warriors was approaching through the wide-open gate and the street.

Hong Dae-Kwang gritted his teeth.

They looked strong even from their gait. Those who didn’t even consider their opponents as enemies were coming to catch the rats they had pushed into the trap.

‘Damn these evil bastards.’

His breathing became rapid, his heart pounded, and blood rushed to his face.

It wasn’t because his pride was hurt. Just looking at the sight made him realize how big the gap between them was.

‘Their number… 200? No, maybe 300?’

Among all of those people, there was no one who looked weaker than him. Their numbers were clearly superior, but their quality was incomparable.

‘Seven Killers of Jiangxi.’

Hong Dae-Kwang clenched his fists tightly after confirming the identity of those walking in front with his own eyes.

Gal Cheon-rip smiled brightly as he reached the end.

There was no need to confirm. It was clear just by looking at the people holding the line inside the place.

“T-this is it. I guided you right, so please spare me…”

At that moment, Dam Hae’s small sword, which had been held at the man’s neck, dug into the man’s back.

The man’s eyes widened. His body, which had been filled with life, began to tremble.

Gal Cheon-rip shrugged his shoulders as he saw the resentment in the man’s eyes.

“You kept your promise. I saved your life. But my younger brother doesn’t seem to think the same. Even though I am an older brother, it isn’t right to tell a grown man what to do, right?”

“And don’t be so angry at us; it is a blessing to die in peace.”

The man’s body fell to the ground. His body, which had been twitching and twitching, soon fell limp.

Hong Dae-Kwang shouted with bloodshot eyes.

“You! You bastards! Why are you killing innocent civilians! Why!”

Gal Cheon-rip asked as if he was truly puzzled, watching him shout in a fit of rage.

“Is there any reason why people kill others?”

Hong Dae-Kwang stared at Gal Cheon-rip without even closing his mouth.

“If you have no strength, you must die. Isn’t it simple? If you don’t like me like this, you can come kill me too. Of course, that is if you have the ability.”

His extremely calm tone gave him goosebumps. Did he think that killing a perfectly healthy person was no different from cutting rice with a sickle?

At that moment, Wei Lishan stepped in front of Hong Dae-Kwang.

Wei Lishan, who had been staring at Gal Cheon-rip silently for a moment, opened his mouth.

“We won’t be able to talk anyway, but know one thing.”

Wei Lishan glanced at the Eunha merchant gate for a moment. It was as if there was this invisible wall there. Then he turned to Gal Cheon-rip again.

“This is the land of Mount Hua.”

“The disciples of Mount Hua have not learned to show mercy to evil people who invade the land of Mount Hua. You, too, will pay the price.”

Gal Cheon-rip laughed as if it was ridiculous.

At the same time, an eerie killing intent rose from his body, as if all his calmness until then had vanished like a lie.

“You dare run your mouth in front of me? I will kill you without mercy!”

He could no longer hold back the bastards behind him. Those who saw the enemy in front of them were as dangerous as wild beasts who saw fresh meat.

Gal Cheon-rip opened his mouth softly with killing intent.

“Do whatever you want. But don’t kill the merchant lord.”

As soon as he said those words, the people behind him charged ahead with an explosive burst of breathtaking momentum.

There were no loud cheers, and that was what was more terrifying. Without giving anyone a chance to raise their spirit, the Evil Sect people rushed in and stabbed the ones ahead in an instant.

Terrible screams rang out.

Seeing his disciples dying without doing anything, Nam Ja-Myung was shocked.

“You worthless bastards!”

At that moment, the Spear Ghost pierced through the swords blocking him and struck one. The Bloody Blade Killer also cut the flying swords like reeds and attacked.

Blood splashed around, and severed heads soared into the sky without even closing their eyes.

It was a one-sided massacre. In an instant, the battlefield was engulfed in fear.

“Damn it! Fight back, you morons!”

“Hwayoung Clan, do not back down!”

The Beggars Union and the Hwayoung Clan rallied their forces to support those who were shocked and frozen, but regaining momentum once lost was no easy task.

No, even before that, they were no match for them.

They were certainly not lacking in hope. Weren’t they the ones who risked their lives by staying back? Even if their opponent was the Four Sects Alliance, they wouldn’t have backed down.

But it was absolutely impossible to overcome this difference in skill with just hope.

The Hwayoung Clan’s disciples were wide-eyed as they saw the swords flying toward them.

At that moment, when he sensed unavoidable death, a sword suddenly appeared from behind and deflected the attack.

Wei Lishan bit his lips tightly.

His wrist, which had been blocking the sword attacks, felt like it would break down. He had only exchanged a couple of blows but couldn’t help but feel the level of their strength. Even the nameless Evil Sect people were stronger than him.

However, Wei Lishan didn’t hesitate and stepped forward.

“Don’t try to knock them down!”

A loud roar burst from his throat as he blocked another knife.

“Hold on tight! Survive at any cost! We need to buy some time.”

Looking at their fierce eyes, he couldn’t help but understand. Their weapons wouldn’t calm down with just their blood.

‘I will save at least one more person.’

Hwang Jongi was behind him.

He couldn’t be standing there without thought. He could have guessed now. If the Eunha Merchant Union had run, who would their angry swords have been directed at?

Even the merchants risked their lives for civilians, so how could he, the Lord of Eunha, run to save himself?

Of course, his life was more precious now. And the lives of his disciples who believed in him and followed him were even more precious.

But there is something that cannot be exchanged for anything to a warrior.

“We die here today! Prove that the warriors of Shaanxi do not spare lives for the sake of negotiations!”

With shouts filled with anger, the battlefield began to heat up even more.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.