Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

A long spear pierced his chest.

The Spear Ghost of Mount He, who had driven the spear deeper into the chest of the swordsman blocking his way, smiled and said,

As he pulled out the spear in one breath, blood gushed from the swordsman’s chest like a fountain. Hot blood spurted out, staining the area under his eyes red.

The Spear Ghost, who had kicked the one who hadn’t yet fallen, knocked him down and wiped the blood off his face with one hand.

The strong smell of blood filled the air.

The disgusting heat.

A soft laugh escaped.

Although the opponent wasn’t one he could truly savor, isn’t resistance important?

Stabbing a spear into the back of someone running away was a special pleasure, but deflecting the sword of someone resisting like this and stabbing a spear into their chest was an incomparable thrill.

‘It has been too long.’

A sinister light shone in his eyes.

The humiliation of having to flee from their land and the suffocation of being held in the hands of the Nine Great Sects were liberated at that moment.

With eyes filled with killing intent, he turned his gaze to find the next prey.

Screams erupted from all directions. A wolf baring its teeth, rushing around, searching for gaps.

One person’s head flew into the air.

Eyes filled with pain and fear briefly stared at the sky before sinking to the ground.

The Bloody Blade Killer glared forward, eyes shining, drunk on the smell of blood.

The faces of those who saw one person flying up turned pale and hard.

‘This is why the Justice faction people are so much fun.’

The Evil Sect never dared to fight the strong. They knew better than anyone that doing so would cost them their lives.

But these people were different. They knew how hard survival would be, yet they did not back down easily.

It was quite amusing to see those who were unable to do anything with their heads, not wanting to back down, and their bodies struggling to run away at any moment.

The Bloody Blade Killer rushed ahead, swiftly cutting down the one who hesitated and severing the neck of the person who hadn’t even blinked yet.

“Even so, it is just urging the order to be implemented.”

He smiled softly and shook off the warm blood that had splashed on his hand. A vile pleasure and thick killing intent swept through his eyes like a storm.

Those who were inspired by their killing intent attacked the Xi’an warriors with even greater ferocity.

“They are fucking insane.”

Gal Cheon-rip looked ahead with an odd smile.

Those who were excited to the tips of their heads were swinging their swords without thinking about what would happen.

‘It is going to be a long night.’

They probably wouldn’t be able to quench their thirst even after killing everyone here. They would only come to their senses after seeing more blood.

Not all of the Evil Sect people were insane about blood.

It was just that the more violent ones and those who were put under pressure came under him. All Gal Cheon-rip did was create a situation for them to run wild and unwind.

‘At this point, they won’t be able to hide their identities and come back again.’

Those who turned the merchant union and those who annihilated the people and massacred the civilians cannot be the same.

Perhaps the Shaolin and Beggars Union, who had hoped Shaanxi would be only moderately damaged, would be shocked after seeing this sight.

All Gal Cheon-rip had to do was gather all those who had nowhere to go and build a strong force.

A bright killing intent bloomed in Gal Cheon-rip’s eyes.

‘I guess I can hit that damned guy.’

The image of Jang Ilso smiling arrogantly came to his mind. Just 20 years ago, the difference between him and Jang Ilso wasn’t that significant. In fact, Gal Cheon-rip’s reputation was higher than Jang Ilso’s, and his skills were superior too.

However, the current situations of Gal Cheon-rip and Jang Ilso were as different as heaven and earth.

‘If I had built my strength earlier, I wouldn’t have fallen so far behind.’

Although he felt regret for what had happened, he was glad that an opportunity had opened up for him.

‘In a way, it was a chance he managed to create.’

If the Four Precepts Alliance hadn’t tried to subjugate the Evil Sects in the south, it would have been impossible for the Seven Killers of Jiangxi to gather such a force. It would have taken him decades at most, and the Four Sects Alliance would have noticed it before then.

But in times of chaos, opportunities are bound to arise.

If he could just make good use of this chance, he could build a powerful force in an instant. Of course, it would take some time to make them his loyal followers, but isn’t that something that is bound to happen?

Gal Cheon-rip gestured ahead with his chin.

“There might be some who realize what they are doing, so go and make them run wild a little more.”

The younger ones who had been guarding him ran out in an instant, their killing intent palpable.

Gal Cheon-rip licked his lips with his tongue. An unseen desire rose in his eyes.

Hong Dae-Kwang’s eyes were red.

The sects of Xi’an were falling, coughing, and spilling blood everywhere.

Blood rushed to Hong Dae-Kwang’s face as he saw another person die.

They were all no match for him.

Those gathered there must have practiced their best, but a clan was just a clan. They couldn’t possibly match the Evil Sect, especially those who had been infamous since the past.

“Stop the front line from collapsing!”

The Beggars Union members who heard the voice gritted their teeth and rushed forward. They were not the ones typically called warriors in the Beggars Union, but they were still part of it. They were incomparably stronger than the disciples of the weak and incompetent small and medium clans.

‘But even so, it is too much!’

Even the best of the Beggars Union could face them and try to win.

What was more terrifying was that the opponent’s morale was higher. The Evil Sect, who had seen blood for the first time in a while, were running around like beasts who had been starving for a month. Those who were overwhelmed by their force were falling without even being able to demonstrate their lacking skills.

Hong Dae-Kwang clenched his fists with an anxious expression.

At this rate, they would soon be annihilated. Their strength exceeded their fame. Even if they endured as long as they could, they wouldn’t be able to hold out much longer.

“When are those damn Southern Edge people coming?”

Now, the only hope was the Southern Edge sect. Someone who received his orders asked Southern Edge for help. Those who declared a Closed Gate might ignore it, but Hong Dae-Kwang erased that thought from his mind.

If Southern Edge didn’t come to help, everyone here would die, and this entire city would be covered in blood. So why bother thinking about that?

Hong Dae-Kwang’s body was shaking as he clutched the bat until it bled.

Common sense told him that he had to be there. The only person who could grasp the situation and give the right orders was Hong Dae-Kwang. If he survived until the end, he could endure a little longer.

Even the Beggars Union members who rushed forward were dying while screaming in despair.

He knew it in his head but couldn’t stand it.

“You fucking bastards!”

Hong Dae-Kwang, who couldn’t endure it any longer, lunged forward, screaming until his throat turned hoarse.

His club, filled with fierce killing intent, fell on the head of Spear Ghost, who was pulling his spear from the chest of a beggar.

Spear Ghost, his lips twisted into a smile, blocked the club swinging down at him.

The club and spear collided in front of Spear Ghost’s head. Hong Dae-Kwang’s arms trembled as he tried to push down the spear with his club.

“A beggar who only does one thing?”

The Spear Ghost, who lightly pushed Hong Dae-Kwang away, looked at him with confident eyes. Judging from the heavy feeling left on his fingertips holding the spear, this guy seemed to be quite different from the other morons.

“If you are a beggar, there is no way you wouldn’t know who I am. You have courage, I tell you.”

“You are a moronic bastard, so you lack understanding. Which is why you have courage.”

Hong Dae-Kwang gritted his teeth and raised the club.

“Since you did this, you won’t have a graceful death. Every single one of you will go to hell.”

“Hahaha, does the Beggars Union have the power to do that? Even Shaolin and Wudang don’t have the strength to chase us.”

“Moron, you know nothing.”

“This is Shaanxi. You attacked the clans of Mount Hua in the land of Mount Hua.”

Hong Dae-Kwang gritted his teeth and said.

“You don’t know what that means. You touched those who should never be touched.”

“Have you gone insane from begging for so long? We don’t fear the Shaolin or Wudang, so why would we fear a mere Mount Hua Sect?”

“That is why I called you a moron.”

The face of Spear Ghost of Mount He hardened. Even though it wasn’t a serious provocation, his tone was annoying.

“Do you think those who fight here are fearless and enduring? As if! It isn’t like we don’t care about our lives and are throwing them away.”

“I believe that revenge will definitely be achieved without a doubt. I firmly believe they will chase you to the depths of hell and make you pay, allowing me to stand here. That is why it is a sect called Mount Hua.”

The Spear Ghost glared at Hong Dae-Kwang with a shocked expression.

The eyes of those who heard Hong Dae-Kwang’s words changed dramatically. The eyes that had just moments ago looked like frightened chicks now resembled snakes.

“Heheh. These people don’t seem to know what it means to provoke Mount Hua.”

“If they knew, they wouldn’t do this. If only they knew.”

The Spear Ghost frowned at the people speaking out.

Not Shaolin or Southern Edge, but… Mount Hua?

What on earth was Mount Hua that made them react like this?

At that moment, Hong Dae-Kwang growled.

“There is no way for you to survive. The moment Mount Hua’s Divine Dragon… No, Mount Hua’s Sword Saint learns of what happened here, you will face unavoidable hell.”

The Spear Ghost of Mount He looked at Hong Dae-Kwang with a dumbfounded expression.

“… what can that kid from Mount Hua even do?”

Hong Dae-Kwang chuckled.

“You have to be at least like Jang Ilso to survive him. But you won’t be any good once you wake up dead, right?”

The face of Spear Ghost hardened at the creeping humiliation, and he let out a cold killing intent.

“Let’s see if you can still talk after your body is full of holes.”

“Go ahead and try it, you moron!”

As soon as he said this, Hong Dae-Kwang rushed at him.

Spear Ghost clenched his teeth, realizing this beggar didn’t care about his life.

His spear, full of killing intent, shot towards Hong Dae-Kwang’s neck.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.