Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Swords surged along a black wave. The sight of a hundred black-robed swordsmen rushing towards them as if they were one body, one mind, could only be described as pure intimidation.

The Evil Sect members, sensing something was wrong, shifted their eyes away in haste. When the opponent felt burdensome, the unique instincts of the Evil Sect people were displayed.

But there was no way to run. Mount Hua had entirely surrounded them and was closing in on them as if they wouldn’t spare a single ant.

In battle, momentum was half the battle.

With the appearance of Chung Myung, the Evil Sect members, who had lost the initiative, began to waver, not knowing what to do. It didn’t matter that their reputation in Murim was suddenly in tatters.

However, not everyone was like that.

“Look ahead, you morons! They are still kids!”

“Do not be afraid of little flesh and blood running wild!”

Those who flinched at those words checked the faces of the Mount Hua sect disciples rushing towards them.

The black robes and thick killing intent obscured their thoughts, but upon closer inspection, the Mount Hua disciples were all kids who hadn’t even reached the age of 30.

No matter how talented Mount Hua was at doing such things, they wouldn’t be able to make these young swordsmen into experts.

Someone’s shout lifted their fallen morale.

‘Damn it, it wasn’t unexpected, right?’

‘Right. We can step on Mount Hua at any time!’

Considering the fame and skills of those gathered, it was wrong to be afraid of Mount Hua appearing there. They gritted their teeth and clenched their weapons, recalling that fact once again.

They tried to ignore the obvious. In order to survive in the harsh world of martial arts, one should value their own intuition over the evaluations of the world.

If one could run, they had to fight. They raised their hopes and spirits and began to face the disciples of Mount Hua rushing towards them.

“They are still kids at the end of the day.”

Bong Pyung gripped the blade tightly.

Even if Mount Hua had regained their skills from a distant past that few could remember, it would be impossible for kids to transform into master swordsmen.

If such a thing were possible, it would be the Mount Hua sect, not Mount Hua’s Sword Saint, that would gain a reputation in the Yangtze River massacre.

“I will tell you your place, you little bastards!”

If they were scared to this extent, it would be a shame to be called the Lion’s Blood Blade, notorious in the Zhejiang region.

Bong Pyung displayed the fierce aura befitting his title. The best way to handle the inexperienced little bastards was to clench his hands with killing intent and speed.

His blade began to emit blade qi. Blue, almost black, blade qi surged out like a storm.

‘First, kill the momentum of those kids rushing in!’

If only that momentum wasn’t there, these kids would be nothing. Anyone with a sense of thought would have no choice but to block the blade qi rushing towards them.

…but that was Bong Pyung’s biggest mistake.

The disciples of Mount Hua who rushed at him did so without hesitation, despite seeing the blade qi.

Had they lost their minds?

Bong Pyung was quite flustered. His eyes met with the Mount Hua Sect’s disciples through the swirling blade qi.

The moment he saw that cold gaze, showing no anxiety or excitement, his heart froze.

A ray of sword qi flew through the storm of blade qi like a ray of light.

There was no time to be surprised.

The burning pain came first. The tip of his hand holding the sword felt hot as if it were on fire, and then he clearly saw something appear in his vision.

Something slightly curved and long.

The moment he realized this unfamiliar yet familiar object was his own finger holding the blade, Bong Pyung’s eyes opened wide.

But that wasn’t the end. The black snake-like qi had swept away his little finger and ring finger and climbed up his forearm.

The ligaments in his wrist were cleanly cut. A long gash appeared on his forearm, and the tip of the sword was stuck in his elbow.

The whole process happened in the blink of an eye.

A scream burst out from Bong Pyung’s mouth.

He wanted to let go of the blade because of the terrible pain in his arm, but that would be suicide. He suppressed the sharp pain and swung his blade at the disciples of Mount Hua who were around; he wanted to kill the kid.

But before his sword could even swing halfway, the disciple retrieved the sword he had stabbed and accurately blocked the attack with the tip of the handle.

And he perfectly utilized the recoil and stabbed the sword again.

A pain as if he were being burned by a hot iron spread through his lower stomach. But before he could even groan in pain, the sword that had been retrieved cut Bong Pyung’s elbow, which had been caught by the sword that had been thrown back.

He couldn’t even properly understand what was happening. The opponent’s sword was too fast for that.

All he could see was that this fluffy little brat was just one-sidedly stabbing him. And he did it without a change in his expression.

Bong Pyung screamed and tried to stab his blade. That scream didn’t even threaten the opponent.

Fear instantly consumed his mind. It was a scream to shake off the fear this young savage gave him without even changing his expression.

The blade, extended with all his might, flew towards the face of the Mount Hua disciple with incredible speed.

The Mount Hua disciple’s head turned to the side just by an inch. Bong Pyung’s sword literally brushed past the face closely.

And at that moment, Bong Pyung noticed it.

Even though the blade was flying close to his face, that kid’s expression didn’t show a hint of emotion. He just stared at him, his cold eyes looking deep into his own.

The red sword qi, which bloomed in an instant, cut through Bong Pyung’s extended arm.

It was a fantastic sight.

To some, it might be nothing special. But it couldn’t be anything but significant for the person concerned to see his arm, which had been attached to his shoulder his entire life, detached and spinning around like a wheel.

Before he could even process his shock, both thighs were cut, with blood gushing out.

He didn’t even allow Bong Pyung, who had his knees cut, to stand any longer.

But the man couldn’t fall. Before his bent knees could even touch the ground, a dozen sword strikes moved to his stomach and chest.

Slash. Slash! Slash! Slash!

The sword pierced one by one. Before he could even feel the pain of the first strike ripping through his flesh, the second one tore through his body, and then the third cut his bones.

All Bong Pyung could do was gape wide-mouthed, feeling the sensation of his chest being torn apart.

His body finally fell.

His half-severed knees touched the floor, and his torn stomach made him curl down awkwardly. He couldn’t even stop his head from hitting the ground because his arms were cut.

Bong Pyung knelt down as if apologizing and laid face down with his forehead on the ground. The cold metal touched his neck, and in an instant, an eerie feeling spread through his entire body as if it were shrinking.

A scream burst from Bong Pyung’s mouth, who couldn’t help but know what that sensation was.

But the sword that touched his neck cut it without a shred of hesitation. The cold metal cleanly sliced through his veins.

Red blood gushed from his cut neck. Having lost his arm, he couldn’t even hold his neck to stop the blood from flowing out.

Blood flowed back into his neck, and the metallic taste spread throughout his mouth. A terrible, trembling pain enveloped his entire body.

But Bong Pyung did nothing. With all his muscles torn, all he could do was writhe in agony.

The unprecedented pain dragged Bong Pyung to the gates of hell, yet his tenacious life wouldn’t grant him a clean death.

‘Kill… just kill me…’

This was too cruel. Even the Evil Sect didn’t kill so brutally. The Justice faction shouldn’t be doing this.

A cold voice pierced Bong Pyung’s ears as he struggled in pain, begging for mercy.

The voice was so cold it made his body shiver.

“There is a death that is right for trash.”

Kwak Ho, who simply glanced at Bong Pyung, shook the dirty blood off his sword and charged ahead to his next opponent.

His white teeth, revealed between his lips, shone like the fangs of a hungry beast.

Ma Ryang, the Wolf’s Fang Axe, was shocked.

‘W-who the hell are these people?’

They were just young kids who were taunted easily. No matter how famous, they could not be experienced. Considering their age, it was normal for them not to even manage to deal with the Evil Sect.

But the reality Ma Ryang faced shattered his common sense.

The flying sword twisted as it dug into his shoulder.

Ma Ryang desperately suppressed the scream that burst from his throat. The pain of the sword digging into his shoulder was nothing special. The real agony came when the sword twisted and tore through all his muscles.

It was a pain that made his body tremble instantly.

“T-this fucking dog!”

Ma Ryang’s axe descended upon the head of the Mount Hua disciple with fierce force. The disciple slightly raised his sword, seemingly intending to block the axe.

Ma Ryang secretly cheered.

The inexperienced young brat must have thought it was a normal axe, given how he tried to block it with a thin sword.

His axe alone weighed fifty pounds and was a heavy weapon. Even if that sword was made of the finest metal, it wouldn’t last long against his axe.

His axe, infused with internal qi, fell with explosive force towards the raised sword. He intended to cut through both the sword and the disciple’s body at once.

But, at the very moment that the axe made contact, the sword twisted diagonally.

Ma Ryang was shocked.

His axe, flowing along the sword, ran down the slope. In the slowed world, he could clearly see the sword rippling and the axe slipping away unintentionally.

When the axe met the tip of the sword, the sword was lightly thrown off the axe.

At that moment, Ma Ryang saw.

The tip of the sword.

The tip of the sword aimed at him was rapidly growing bigger and bigger.

Ma Ryang desperately twisted his head, but the tip of the sword still filled his world.

The sword pierced Ma Ryang’s eye.

Ma Ryang’s body twitched in pain as if he were having a seizure.

He heard something twisting and breaking. The sound coming from within his body, which shouldn’t have been making such noises, was more terrifying than the pain of his eye being pierced.

Before he could even question what those words meant.

Ma Ryang’s head was cut off in an instant and soared into the air.

Ma Ryang’s head, spinning in the air, contained the fear and despair he had felt before his death.

Baek Sang, who had thrown away his sword, coldly rebuked Ma Ryang’s body as it collapsed.

“You should at least know the name of the person who killed you before you die. It would be too much for trash like you, though.”

It was a voice that could no longer be heard by someone who was already dead.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.