Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

So Jang-Gye’s face contorted horribly.

‘What the hell is with these people!’

The young swordsmen in black robes rushed in. Of course, they were not flustered by such situations. Everyone gathered here was experienced. This level of battle was something that happened often in the Southern lands.

What really flustered him was that the swords these people were swinging were sharp beyond normal sense.

The clashing swords flowed down the blade of the sword and stabbed the back of his hand.

So Jang-Gye groaned as if in pain and pulled his arm back in a hurry. However, the moment his sword was pulled back, his opponent’s sword, which had been aiming for the back of his hand, changed direction in an instant. Then, it created dozens of sword images and aimed at his upper body.

So Jang-Gye waved his blade and retreated again.

It was understandable that they were strong. Even though Mount Hua wasn’t a sect that belonged to the Nine Great Sects, it was now widely known that they once fought for the title of the Best Sword Sect in the world.

But this wasn’t simply a matter of discussing strength.

Their swords were shockingly skilled as if they had been swinging them for decades. When one thought they were going for the arm, the sword would move for their neck, and when they tried to block it, their knees would be cut.

It seemed like he was going to strike hard, but then he backed away and quickly stabbed, and the sword that had been flying to the face like a flash of lightning changed direction and moved to the chest.

In the end, blood gushed out from his chest after being cut long. So Jang-Gye, who screamed in pain, gritted his teeth.

“T-this… this fucking!”

He couldn’t understand it.

The sword technique itself was shocking. It felt like being toyed with from the start. What they demonstrated was closer to the illusion of the sword of the Evil Faction than the sword of the Justice Faction.

But what was even more shocking was the look in the eyes of the men wielding the sword.

It was as if they belonged to a monster that devoured people on the battlefield.

No matter how calm one is, it is normal not to maintain one’s usual composure on a battlefield where blood splashes before the eyes and people die incessantly. Naturally, the arms became stronger, and the sword technique focused more on striking.

But these people didn’t change their gazes at all, like veterans who had been through a hundred battles. Far from being excited, they held their swords perfectly.

‘What kind of training did they undergo to achieve something like this…’

But he didn’t have time to think any longer. The opponent’s sword flew toward his eyes.

So Jang-Gye’s face turned bright red as he barely avoided the sword by twisting his head.

His blade emitted a reddish blade qi. No matter how incomprehensible the opponent was, he was still young. So he decided it was better to suppress him with force than to fight him clumsily.

As expected from someone who had been through a lot on the battlefield, his judgment in that split moment was right.

The sword and blade clashed with sharp sounds in the air.

So Jang-Gye gritted his teeth and pressed down on the blade. A look of victory was close in his eyes.

No matter how cleverly the sword was swung, no matter how miraculous his sword technique was, it was still a technique of a young man. He couldn’t possibly beat him in terms of experience, so if he crushed the kid with force, the kid was bound to crumble.

“I will cut you into two…”

And at that moment, a faint smile appeared on the swordsman’s face.

So Jang-Gye’s eyes widened slightly.

Was he laughing at this situation now?

So Jang-Gye felt goosebumps for a moment and pressed down with all his might. Even if he couldn’t split the blocking sword in two, he intended to crush the opponent’s body with the sword that was blocking the blade.

The sound of the sword and the blade rubbing against each other pierced the air.

And then So Jang-Gye knew something was wrong. He couldn’t help but notice.

That damned sword wouldn’t get pushed back.

He pressed down with all his might, with all his strength, but that thin sword blocking the path didn’t move back even by an inch. It stood firm in place, as if it were a stone statue, holding the path firmly.

The sword didn’t even move an inch. And the emotionless eyes beneath it.

It was surely he who was pressing down, but it was also he who felt burdened.

So Jang-Gye pressed down on the sword with all his might.

The sword and blade continued to grind against one another, sparks flying. But that was all. There was a slight feeling of being pushed back, but the sword was still blocking his path.

The lips of the damned Mount Hua disciple curled up, and at the same time, the sword facing the blade was pulled back with a bang.

The moment their tense body balance was broken, So Jang-Gye, who was pressing down on the sword with all his might, staggered forward as if being sucked in.

And then, the Mount Hua swordsman, who had pulled the sword back, struck So Jang-Gye’s blade with a force incomparable to that of before.

So Jang-Gye, who had been thrusting forward, was pushed back without much thought.

The qi transmitted through the blade twisted not just his wrist but his shoulder, too. It felt as if he had been struck by lightning, and his entire arm went numb.

Was he being pushed? By strength?

No, it was more technique than strength. But in any case, the fact that he got pushed remained unchanged.

The incomprehensible situation made his head spin. Furthermore, the eeriness he felt from that guy made his angry blood run cold.

At that moment, a very small sound passed by So Jang-Gye’s ear as he absentmindedly retreated.

The faint ticking sound, like snow falling, pierced his ears clearly, even amidst the chaotic battlefield.

So Jang-Gye opened his eyes wide.

The sword of the Mount Hua disciple seemed to shake lightly in the air, and at its tip, flowers like an illusion began to bloom.

He instinctively felt danger, but he wasn’t given the chance to rush forward as he stepped back to relieve the shock from the blade.

The flowers that had bloomed in the air swayed as if hit by a wind and soon began to scatter petals in all directions.

The sword that bloomed flowers.

A sword that once commanded the world but was now forgotten and a legend. Yet, at some point, the poisoned sword of Mount Hua began to make a name for itself again.

“P-plum blossom sword….”

The blooming flower petals suddenly began to fly toward him.

Feeling the sensation of the thin plum blossoms digging into his body, So Jang-Gye let out a helpless sigh.

“Come together! Damn it, these guys are no joke!”

“Do not fight alone! Gather together!”

Becoming known within the Evil Sect was not as easy as it sounded. The more notorious you became, the more frequent the fights and the more work you had to do to maintain your reputation.

Those here had survived a dozen battles without ever having fought a battle of such a scale. They might have the eyes to see the grand battlefield, but their survival instincts were the best.

Those who saw the front people collapse made an instant judgment. Those who ignored the enemies as kids and fought alone were all bleeding.

Considering the fame they had, it was ridiculously fast and brutal.

‘One-on-one is a sure defeat now!’

It was absurd to have to make such a judgment, but they could not deny what they saw with their own eyes; at any given time, survival was important, not pride.

“Fight in groups of two or three!”

So, their conclusion was simple. Their opponents were definitely strong. But they had never experienced a melee like this. They thought that if they gathered together and pressured the opponents, the battlefield would become entangled. At this point, they would be at a greater advantage since they could swing blades behind their backs.

It was a great conclusion for them to come to in such a short time.

The only mistake they made was that they didn’t know who they were dealing with.

Sword and sword. Sword and blade. Sword and spear.

After confirming that their opponents were formidable, the Evil Sect warriors tried to focus on blocking the sword of their opponent. They had already confirmed that if they made a fool of themselves against those swords, which dazzled people’s eyes, their necks would get cut off.

But at that moment, things that had never been imagined before began to happen.

The moment the sword and the blade met, this incredible force gushed out from the sword and twisted their weapons.

It wasn’t some simple strike. The sword, which had been glued to the blade as if stuck, instantly pulled their weapons to the side.

Just as they were about to wonder how this was being done.

Right under the swordsman’s arm, which twisted the blade, a tremendous amount of sword qi flew in.

The frightened ones tried to pull their bodies back, but the sword attached to the blade refused to let them withdraw their weapons.

The color drained from the face of Sima Ho.

“T-this is insane… bastards…”

It was an absurd act that no one could have imagined.

The fact that the sword qi flew from behind as soon as the guys in front twisted their arms meant that the ones who stabbed their blades from behind had moved before those who twisted the sword.

The guys in the back thought that the ones ahead would naturally handle the attacks and swung their weapons.

If they had been even a little off, the sword qi wouldn’t have cut their arms but their comrades’ arms!

The people who swung their swords without hesitation or the ones who encouraged others to swing the sword qi at themselves without hesitation.

These kids were out of their minds.

But the effect was incredible. First, those who tried to endure and change the situation fell back, leaking blood.

At that moment, the swordsmen behind them jumped over the heads of those in front and scattered sword qi.

“Damn it! What the fuck is happening!”

Those who were wounded here and there swung their weapons in a hurry without even thinking about tending to their wounds. Wasn’t it obvious what would happen if they couldn’t block the sword qi?

But the connection didn’t end there.

Those in front began to drop low and hold their legs.

A blow above the head and another low to the ground.

It was definitely not easy to block sword qi flying from two places at the same time. A combination of high and low, rather than left and right, and this was deadly with their sword qi.

They didn’t even look at one another. Not a single talk between the kids, not a single signal either.

But those insane brats were perfectly coordinated as if they had already done this before and had been performing together for years. As if they were one.

“T-this makes no sense! You damned bastard!”

It was at that moment that Sima Ho, who let out this explosive roar, saw something strange.

The ones who had been chasing them suddenly changed direction and moved to the left and right.

This absurd act managed to snatch away the victory the guy had secured.

Sima Ho just stared at the sight.

At the tip of the swordsman’s sword, flowers bloomed beautifully, just like the pattern on his chest.

Those who had no choice but to retreat due to the momentum simply stared blankly at the plum blossoms blooming again. Now, there was nothing they could do. Even though they knew full well how terrifying the blooming flowers could be.

The vivid flower petals were flying everywhere they could see. Sima Ho realized that each and every leaf and petal was made of sword qi and let out a hollow laugh.

‘You can deal with Mount Hua at any time? That insane bastard Gal Cheon-Rip…’

If there were a hundred people who used such an insane sword technique, that place would be no different from hell beyond the underworld. Their fates were determined from the moment they stepped into this hell.

The blooming flower petals flew in at once.

The Plum Blossom Rain, which filled the sky, began to pour down mercilessly, digging into the bodies of the wounded men.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.