Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Hong Dae-Kwang’s eyes widened.

Pain throbbed from the wounds all over his body, but at that moment, he didn’t even feel it.

Mount Hua’s disciples were one-sidedly attacking the Evil Sect members?

They were striking the enemies with their sword qi like lightning, using perfect coordination to overwhelm them. Mount Hua’s special qi, the Plum Blossom Sword qi, was blooming in all directions like beautiful, gorgeous flowers.

Hong Dae-Kwang couldn’t help but be shocked as he watched the Evil Sect members helplessly fall, dripping blood.

He was prepared to die, pinning all his hopes on Mount Hua. But wasn’t it usually difficult to turn an expectation into reality?

In truth, what he really expected was for Mount Hua to arrive early and join hands with them to fight on equal terms. He had never imagined that Mount Hua would attack them on their own and single-handedly dominate like this.

For Hong Dae-Kwang, who knew every detail about who and what kind of people those Evil Sect members were, even having expectations felt absurd.

But right there, right before his eyes, something he had never expected had turned into reality.

‘What on earth have they been doing for the past 3 years, these crazy bastards…’

The faces of those who had been young and innocent had now transformed into the faces of seasoned swordsmen.

They pushed away their opponents with incredibly quick swords and deflected their opponents’ counterattacks with skillful, soft sword movements. And when the distance was just right, the Mount Hua Sect’s illusion bloomed splendidly.

“This is Mount Hua…”

Mount Hua, who once pushed away even the Wudang and took the title of the best sword sect in the world, was now roaring at the world from there.

Hong Dae-Kwang clenched his fists. His face was hot, and something surged through his chest.

Unable to hold back the overwhelming emotions, he shouted loudly.

“You are doing good! Beat them! Those damned bastards!”

Blood drained from the face of Gal Cheon-rip due to this unexpected situation.

“Big bro! Shouldn’t we do something?”

Gal Cheon-rip flinched for a moment and looked around. Dam Hae was watching him, waiting. Not just him, but his other younger brothers who surrounded and protected him looked anxious since Mount Hua arrived.

“If we leave, we will fall apart!”

Gal Cheon-rip bit his lip.

With red eyes, he scanned the battlefield. That kid… no, now the Mount Hua swordsmen, who couldn’t even be called kids anymore, were one-sidedly slaughtering the best warriors he had brought.

The Evil Sect, overwhelmed by the momentum and unable to hold their ground, got pushed back further and further, retreating.

It was a sight that couldn’t be understood.

‘How could this happen…’

The situation should have been the opposite.

No matter how much they were the disciples of a known sect, those here were not ones to be crushed by such fame. Rather, those young kids who had never experienced a battle properly should have been crushed by the weight of the battlefield, where people’s heads were blown off, and arms were cut off right in front of them.

If one couldn’t withstand the weight, wasn’t a battlefield a place you wouldn’t be able to even display half your abilities?

“G-get back! Those damn petals are moving again.”

The ones who were lost in thought and unable to display their abilities were the Evil Sect.

No matter how much they thought about it, this made no sense.

Those who gained fame and skill through countless battles in the world of murim for decades were being defeated so miserably by young people who hadn’t even lived half their lives.

On top of that, those evil-looking Mount Hua people didn’t let their guard down at all while watching the scene; they continued to release their strange sword qi.

‘Is this a prestigious sect?’

If all the Justice faction sects were capable of this, there would have been no such fierce division between the Justice and Evil factions. This wasn’t the power of a Justice faction but the power of Mount Hua.

‘We lost too much momentum at first. Those damned bastards!’

At the first moment of the clash, several people were beheaded before they could even raise a hand.

It was this cruel hand that went beyond boldness.

Even though it was a temporary alliance, those who saw their comrades being brutally treated right in front of them were naturally terrified…

Gal Cheon-rip, who had been anxiously lost in thought, suddenly was wide-eyed.

‘Isn’t this what we were going to do?’

He bit his lips tightly to suppress the anger.

Another anxious voice came.

Gal Cheon-rip gathered his mind. This wasn’t the time to analyze things. Once they lose the momentum, things would become really uncomfortable if they didn’t recover.

He shouted loudly, using his experience to help.

“Iron Ghost! Blood Blade Killer! Mount He Spear Ghost! Soul Breaking Killer! How long will you be watching this!”

There was only one way to revive this broken momentum: to crush them with more force. The force of the battlefield always changed with the actions of a few skilled warriors.

“You people join in! Before this gets out of hand, let those little bastards know how high the sky is!”

Kang Seo-Chil, who was guarding him, quickly rushed ahead.

Sweat dripped down Gal Cheon-rip’s palms.

This wasn’t going to happen. All he had to do was clean up Xi’an, empty the vaults of Eunha merchants, and head to Qinghai.

Then why did things get so messed up?

But it’s not that bad yet. If he just took care of those damned people, everything would go according to plan.

The sight of those flying in front of him was clear in the eyes of Gal Cheon-rip.

The tip of a sword dug into a shoulder like lightning.

A terrible scream burst from the mouth of the person whose shoulder was pierced in an instant. At that moment, Mount Hua’s swordsmen twisted and pulled out the sword that was stabbed in the shoulder, then stabbed him again without a moment’s hesitation, slamming it into the opponent’s dantian.

The person clutching his lower stomach had despair in his eyes. If his dantian was destroyed, he could never live as a warrior again. This was a punishment worse than death for him.

The one who was kneeling fell forward.

The foot of Jin Tae, the third-class disciple of Mount Hua who subdued the opponent, dug into the opponent’s chest.

He kicked the man backward and caught his breath.

The smell of blood rushed to his nose. In addition, the heat from the bodies struggling to live, the screams, the cracking sounds of weapons—he felt everything vividly with his body.

But his eyes only grew calmer with each moment.

At that moment, a blue-green qi of a blade flew toward his head. Jin Tae, who confirmed the blade qi rushing, looked at the ground.

This was all he had to handle. His back was supported by the sahyungs.

He grasped the situation clearly and instead jumped ahead. The blade was originally a weapon that crushed the opponent with strength.

The tip of the plum blossom sword that Jin Tae swung hit right near the handle of the blade, causing it to fly. The moment the blade bounced back, the opponent’s face was filled with shock.

There was no reason to engage with someone relying solely on brute strength. If you targeted the point where their strength was misapplied, both the blade and the person could be deflected even with a slender sword.

As soon as a weapon lost its strength, a series of incredible stabs followed, utilizing qi.

A battlefield where blood splashed and flesh was torn?

This was hardly worth noticing.

The training they had undergone was a hundred times more intense and brutal than this.

For someone who had faced that bastard’s killing intent head-on, this was barely a tickle to their instincts. He didn’t even sense any hostility from those they considered opponents.

He was a survivor who lived even after dealing with that damned bastard. To him, their momentum was so gentle it made him yawn, and their attacks were easily identifiable.

Jin Tae tried to calmly sever the opponent’s tendons, but then.

A sword flew towards his face.

Jin Tae’s waist snapped back.

He confirmed there were no other enemies around. The sahyungs wouldn’t have missed their opponent, so where on earth did this sword come from?

The sword, which passed right in front of his face, spun in the air and then descended towards his neck like a poisonous snake pursuing its prey.

A desperate situation.

But Jin Tae didn’t panic. He swung his sword upwards, even though he was off balance. The tremendous impact of the sword meeting the sword made his shoulders tremble.

Even though he had used only half his strength, it wasn’t easy to handle the impact. So he had to acknowledge it. This was different from those he faced so far. Jin Tae quickly spun his body and tried to escape the opponent’s range.

Once the opponent’s sword gained momentum, it wouldn’t release him so easily. It persistently pursued him, trying to prevent him from adjusting his form.

Jin Tae gritted his teeth.

He instinctively felt that this could be dangerous if he moved clumsily, so he prepared to sacrifice one side and steadied his sword.

Something flashed before his eyes, and the sword pursuing him was knocked back. Jin Tae glanced at the person who stood in front of him. For a moment, relief spread across his face.

“I will handle this guy, sahyung.”

Jin Tae nodded without a word.

In Mount Hua, what was important wasn’t the ranks, but skill. It was natural that the stronger one fought the stronger opponent.

And the one standing in front of him was definitely stronger, even though they joined later.

The evil sect person flicked the sword as if his wrist was tingling and looked at the Mount Hua swordsman in front of him with a slightly tense expression.

The force of the sword and a stable form without disturbance.

She was the epitome of a swordsman.

“As someone who uses the same sword as a weapon, let us at least exchange names. I am the Nine Hold Swordsman, Hwang Seong. What is your name?”

“I don’t have a name to tell you.”

At that moment, a bright light shone in Hwang Seong’s eyes.

“This damned woman…”

The Mount Hua swordsman raised her sword and aimed it at his neck. Hwang Seong clenched his teeth at the cold and sharp force.

“Someone who uses the same sword?”

A cold voice, like the wind of the North Sea, escaped her lips.

“That is an insult to my sword. The sword you use is not the same as the sword I use.”

“Know this and die. This is the sword of Mount Hua.”

A proud swordsman of Mount Hua, with the spirit of Mount Hua raging from the tip of her sword.

Tang Soso, who had grown stronger over the three years, charged at the swordsman with her sharp gaze.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.