Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Hwang Seong’s face twisted in pain.

The sword qi, like lightning, swiftly swept past his face. The skin on his chin split open, creating a long, red gash from chin to cheek.

This was not a sword technique learned half-heartedly. It was a technique mastered by a swordsman who had swung the sword so often that they couldn’t tell if the sword was in their hand or an extension of it.

How could he accept that a woman, who appeared much younger than him, could wield sword qi that made his own sword seem insignificant?

As more wounds appeared on his body, Hwang Seong’s face showed signs of exhaustion.

Whoever this damned woman was, the fact remained that she was cornering him and inflicting slashes.

He let out a roar and swept his sword horizontally. The fiercely rising sword qi surged forward like a torrent of water pouring from a broken embankment.

But then his eyes widened.

Suddenly, red flower petals bloomed before him like clouds, covering the entire area where his sword qi extended. The sword qi, not reaching its full length, collided with the flowers and was pushed back a long way.

Unable to move forward or backward, his internal qi turned his insides upside down. Blood gushed from his throat.

This couldn’t be happening.

He was a famous swordsman, renowned throughout the world since before the young woman in front of him was born. Was he being pushed back in a sword fight and spitting blood?

This was absolutely impossible. Absolutely not.

“This fucking bitch!”

Hwang Seong pulled his sword back slightly. Soon, seven rays of black sword qi began to spread out.

An incredibly quick sword strike that sent victims to the afterlife without them even realizing their own death.

It was the moment when the poisonous sword technique, Deadly Twelve Thunders, was unleashed.

As soon as the sword was drawn, Tang Soso kicked the ground and stepped back. The sword of Hwang Seong, which had been rushing ahead at incredible speed, was withdrawn just an inch before Tang Soso’s neck.

The Nine Hold Swordsman glared.

Coincidence? Or not?

‘This is ridiculous.’

That young woman had never seen his sword technique before. So how could she predict instantly how far the sword she was seeing for the first time would extend and retreat exactly that distance?

Was that possible? That too in the middle of such a fierce battle?

No, even if it was possible, wouldn’t her neck be pierced if her calculations were even a bit off? What kind of guts did she have to stop it?

‘Is she even in her right mind?’

The eyes of the swordsman who was pulling back the sword and the emotionless eyes of Tang Soso met for a moment.

He felt goosebumps rise through his body for a moment.

The eyes, which didn’t contain a shred of emotion, were watching him like a snake hunting its prey. As if they wouldn’t miss even the slightest movement.

Hwang Seong gritted his teeth and shouted.

He couldn’t admit that momentary chill down the spine came from a child’s eyes, and he couldn’t dare admit that a young swordsman had read his moves.

As an evil scream burst from his mouth, 12 flashes came through from his sword.

The sword attacks, which he mustered with all his might, turned into 12 lightning bolts and rushed to Tang Soso.

‘There is no use stepping back.’

He wasn’t going to suffer the same result again. If she decided to do the same thing, her throat would…

Tang Soso spun around on the spot and jumped up lightly. The sword qi pouring down towards her body collided with her sword, which she had briefly swung.

At that moment, Tang Soso used the recoil to fly higher.

That was the worst move because they couldn’t move their body freely in the air.

‘I will pierce you like a skewer!’

He secretly cheered and tried to deploy the same sword technique on Tang Soso, who was rising into the air.

With a sound like a dragonfly flapping its wings, the red sword qi bloomed from the tip of her sword.

One flower, another flower, and soon a dozen flowers.

Hwang Seong forgot that he was about to unfold a technique and just stared at that sight.

The red flowers, which had bloomed in profusion, covered even the body of Tang Soso. The vast sky that he could see was covered by the flowers.

The blooming flowers suddenly scattered and began to rain down on the world like rain.

Rain of red flowers.

At that moment, a thought struck through his mind.

A symbol of the Sichuan Tang family.

A legendary martial arts technique, which was handed down in the Tang family, had unfolded here and looked like the sky was raining flowers.

“Rain of Thousand… Flowers.”

Amidst the flower rain, which poured down with nowhere to run, the vivid green threat on the tip of Tang Soso’s sword was briefly visible. A voice, as if groaning, came from his mouth.

The flower rain swept through his entire body mercilessly and dazzlingly. The entire sky was covered with flower petals.

Those were the last words he said in the world.

A desperate scream echoed through the air.

Wei Lishan’s mouth was open.

The swordsmen of Mount Hua were fiercely attacking the enemies, who seemed to be three times stronger. He could clearly see those who got pushed back by Mount Hua’s sword were getting cut down.

This was the kind of time when the word one-sided would get used.

And the one-sided nature of the battlefield brought Wei Lishan more shock than joy.

He knew their skills best, having experienced them firsthand.

How could those who were fearsome enough to be called the Gods of death when he faced them directly get pushed back so helplessly?

Wei Lishan suddenly looked around.

As expected, the other sect leaders in Xi’an were also looking with the same bewildered expressions.

Even Wei Lishan, who was proud to be one of the people who knew Mount Hua’s strength best, couldn’t help but be shocked at the current appearance of Mount Hua. How much more so for the others?

The red qi of Mount Hua’s sword technique filled the sky.

Someone’s half-hearted voice trailed off.

“We should help too…”

Laughter erupted around them.

“With our skills, it would be more of a hindrance than help. Helping has to be at the right level, too.”

Everyone stared blankly at Mount Hua’s swordsmen. Some gulped. They couldn’t help but bite their tongues, watching the swords draw flowers in the air.

‘No matter what, I thought they would be difficult to compare with Southern Edge.’

The fundamental limitations of Mount Hua.

The fact that the disciples of this sect were young and inexperienced.

That was why they thought so. Even if they didn’t know what would happen in a few decades, they believed they wouldn’t be able to keep up with Southern Edge, who was fiercely fighting back with their great disciples and elders.

But the scene happening here was enough to shatter their perception.

The long-suffering men of Xi’an clenched their fists, watching the sight of Hwang Seong being enveloped in red petals and screaming.

‘It seems pointless to discuss the future. They can face the Southern Edge right now.’

‘I didn’t know Mount Hua would become this strong…’

An indescribable sense of excitement and pride surged through their hearts. Those who had once been looked down upon had grown dazzlingly.

At that moment, Wei Lishan limped forward.

Then Hyun Jong, who had been carrying a pouch on his back, observed the situation and turned his head to Wei Lishan.

“Clan leader Wei. Are you alright?”

“…Yes. I am alright, sect leader.”

“We were too late. Forgive us.”

“How can you say that, sect leader? Just the fact that you came here is enough to move my heart as a disciple.”

Hyun Jong gently patted Wei Lishan on the shoulder with warm eyes.

“You have had a hard time.”

Wei Lishan felt emotional for a moment and then glanced around the battlefield. It felt strange to be having such a conversation amidst such a fierce battle.

However, it wasn’t his fault. Hyun Jong’s relaxed attitude, which seemed to show no concern even though his disciples were fighting, made him relax.

Wei Lishan hesitated for a moment and then asked.

“They have gained so much momentum. If there is anything we can do to help them…”

Hyun Jong shook his head with a faint smile.

“They are not the type of kids to cause problems to that extent. So just trust them and keep watch.”

Wei Lishan hesitated as if he had more to say but soon nodded after seeing Hyun Jong’s calm face.

This was because he felt Hyun Jong’s firm trust in the disciples.

In the past, Hyun Jong was a person who couldn’t hide his anxiety even when the disciples were facing evil sect members who were stronger. But now, he didn’t show anxiety even though the disciples were facing an extremely powerful enemy.

Has Hyun Jong changed? Or…

Hyun Jong asked with a slight smile, perhaps noticing Wei Lishan’s feelings. Wei Lishan flinched and lowered his head.

“I am sorry. It is difficult for a disciple to guess the sect leader’s intentions…”

“It just naturally happened that way.”

Instead of answering right away, Hyun Jong stared blankly at the battlefield.

The Plum Blossom Sword beautifully colored the battlefield, but what they saw on the outside could not be everything. Inside, it must be a dangerous and fearful place where lives are at stake.

“Anyone who has watched the time these kids have spent would feel the same. To be so anxious about this would be to ignore those kids and the time they have spent.”

Upon hearing those words, Wei Lishan looked around the battlefield with a blank face.

Hyun Jong’s words were filled with utmost certainty. So, he couldn’t help but wonder what kind of training they had been doing all this time.

“You don’t need to worry.”

At that moment, Hyun Jong’s calm voice pierced his ears.

“Because Mount Hua is strong.”

Wei Lishan couldn’t say anything for a moment. Indescribable emotions swirled in his chest and surged up.

How long had he waited to hear these words?

Words he thought he might never hear in his life finally came out of Hyun Jong’s mouth.

The disciples of Mount Hua were incredibly strong.

And the sect leader of Mount Hua, who looked extremely serious and dependable.

Anyone who used the name Mount Hua, whether they were a disciple of the main sect or a disciple of the sub-sects, would feel the same emotions.

At that moment, Hyun Jong gestured to someone with his chin.

“If he had felt even a little bit of danger, he would have already gone wild. But since he is holding back, it is still far from dangerous.”

Where he pointed, there was the back of a person. The figure had arms crossed behind.

Just by looking at that waving hair tied up, you couldn’t help but recognize who that person was.

‘Taoist Chung Myung.’

Looking at that firm back, flawless and strong, Wei Lishan bit his lips without realizing it.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.