Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The cold eyes of Chung Myung looked forward.

In the past, Chung Myung would have swung the sword more fiercely than anyone else, but now he stood firm.

Instead, his eyes were fixed on the area ahead as if he would not miss anything.

There was not a hint of hesitation or reluctance at the tips of the swords. The movements of the swordsmen clearly knew what they had to do.

Iron became hard when struck by a hammer, and swordsmen grew strong when they bled. The blood and sweat shed by the disciples of Mount Hua were more than enough to train them.

And now, all those layers of effort were bursting out here.

“Fresh out of the box…”

The corners of Chung Myung’s lips turned up.

No, the phrase ‘fresh out of the box’ no longer suited them. Anyone who could feel the qi contained in those swords, anyone who could understand the perfect sword path drawn by those sword tips, would never be able to call them that.

At that moment, someone had just unleashed the Plum Blossom Sword Technique, causing red flowers to bloom in the middle of the fierce battlefield. Chung Myung clenched his fist slightly as he watched the plum blossoms blooming, turning the place red.

It was a strangely nostalgic sight.

The sword was something that was practiced throughout one’s life. There was no such thing as perfection. It was convenient to say third level and twelfth level, but even if one did achieve the 12th, it didn’t mean that there was no higher place to go.

So he wouldn’t dare say that they had mastered it, but what was certain was that the plum blossom sword the disciples of Mount Hua were currently using had reached a level that wouldn’t shame the ancestors of the past.

After all this time, finally.

Chung Myung gently rubbed his nose, marked with a handful of small wounds, and calmed his eyes.

‘This isn’t the time to be arrogant.’

In any case, the priority now was to punish those insane people who dared to invade Xi’an and massacre the sub-sect of Mount Hua.

At that moment, the Seven Killers of Jiangxi rushed forward, clearly visible to Chung Myung.

Just as Chung Myung tensed, ready to spring into action, an angry voice erupted from the corner.

“Woah, woah, calm down now!”

“No, sahyung! Those bastards…!”

“Wait. Didn’t you hear what Chung Myung said? He told us not to move.”

Chung Myung slowly relaxed his stance, watching Jo Gul twitch as if he might bolt at any moment.

This battle wasn’t meant for them in the first place.

Chung Myung sighed like Jo Gul. At that moment, several people leaped towards the Seven Killers of Jiangxi.

When he recognized one of them, Chung Myung’s eyes widened.

“No, that bastard is?”

He realized he hadn’t called that one person out, but somehow, it ended up like this. That blood-crazed monk?

“That man… that man would make the Buddha cough up blood.”

Chung Myung’s face twisted at the sight of the shining head.

A strange expression, hard to describe, crossed the face of the Flame Axe King, Go Song.

It might seem easy to make an expression in the middle of a fight, but his situation was understandable.

Even though Mount Hua was famous for its sword techniques, it wasn’t just about swords, so it wouldn’t be strange if there were swordsmen who learned other martial arts.

And this one swordsman was capable of throwing the strong and capable Flame Axe King, Go Song, to the ground? That wouldn’t be normal at all.

But… it was a bit strange that this swordsman had a dazzlingly shiny bald head, and even stranger was that this bald man emitted a golden light.

What on earth? What were these people?

In a state of indescribable absurdity, Go Song tightly gripped the axe in his hand.

“You… a Taoist or a monk?”

“Amitabha. Of course, I am a monk.”

“Then why… are you wearing a Taoist robe?”

The monk in a Taoist robe, Hae Yeon, turned red in the face.

“… everyone has their own circumstances, so I hope you don’t blame me for this.”

“… is this a situation where I should be silent? I’ve been around the world for decades and seen all sorts of crazy people, but I’ve never seen a monk wearing a Taoist robe. Is this something anyone in their right mind would do?”

Hae Yeon tightly shut his eyes, his face bright red. Of course, he knew how strange this must seem.

If the Shaolin abbot saw this, he would be furious, saying, ‘This guy has finally lost his mind. A Shaolin disciple wearing the clothes of Mount Hua? Why, why is he even putting a plum blossom on his head? There’s no hair to put it on; it will fall!’

In the first place, clothes symbolized belonging. The fact that he, a Shaolin disciple, was wearing Mount Hua’s clothes was a strange sight even for the Evil Sect.

But what could they do?

The training that damned Taoist ordered wasn’t something his clothes could withstand. When he trained, the clothes would get torn apart at times.

It would only take a day or two to somehow find a monk’s robe and wear it, but it was impossible to do that for three years.

Still, Hae Yeon tried to fulfill his duty.

“A monk’s robe? A monk’s robe? Did this brat lose his mind because of being beaten so much? Are you telling me to get a monk’s robe and offer it to him so that he can train comfortably? Are you insane? Uh? Fucking mad? It is ridiculous that he crawls in while I am training and helping someone’s sect and sticks his butt in, and what? A monk’s robe?”

There was no way that devil would understand.

At first, he tried to find some normal clothes that weren’t a robe and wear them. When one gave up many things, life became easier. In the end, he had no choice but to pick up the black robe lying around and wear it.

“A shell is just an empty shell. What is important is what is inside, right?”

“And so you are wearing a Taoist’s robe?”

“I have seen all sorts of insane people…”

At that moment, Hae Yeon stepped forward and threw a punch.

The body of Go Song fell back as if it would break. He managed to block it with the axe in an instant, but if that strength had been directed at his head, it would have exploded like a watermelon.

Cold sweat formed on his forehead. If that force was briefly swung and held such power, then what would happen if this kid gathered his strength and struck him right?

“Surely… your appearance is funny, but…”

Hae Yeon said with a hardened look.

“That doesn’t mean I am going to mess around with you. You will pay the price for neglecting your duty as a person who has learned the martial arts and chosen to oppress the weak.”

Go Song grabbed his axe as he gritted his teeth.

His appearance was funny, but his strength was enough to make his guts shiver.

What was even more annoying were those cold, unresponsive eyes.

He had never really dealt with Shaolin, but not all of them would be like him. This man’s gaze was closer to a swordsman’s than a monk’s.

The moment he saw those cold, blade-like eyes, his blood ran cold.

But there was no time to ponder for long. Even now, the battlefront was collapsing. Not to save those dying from attacks but to help himself survive.

If this continued, all the other people would fall, and only the brothers would have to handle so many opponents.

Go Song rushed forward and swung the axe with explosive force.

As befitting his title of the Flame Axe King, the strength in his axe was truly shocking. It was a power that couldn’t be compared to the sword qi, which was generally considered good. No weapon in the world could dare to compare to the axe in terms of its power to cut through things.

The sound of the axe cutting through the wind pierced the ears as if it would rip the eardrums. The noise and force alone would make any ordinary warrior pee their pants and collapse.

But Hae Yeon’s eyes simply darkened as he watched the axe fall toward his head.

Hae Yeon’s feet moved forward slightly.

Not the cool and refreshing technique he always showed, but an extremely practical technique that minimized body movement.

At the same time, he firmly stepped into a stable stance and raised his fist toward the falling axe with all his strength.

Go Song, who was attacking, was even more surprised by that sight.

Blocking an axe with a fist? With a fist? It was an idea that no one with even a little bit of sense would consider or could accomplish.

‘Right, this ignorant bastard. I will cut you in half!’

Go Song pushed all his force into it. It seemed like he would end up splitting Hae Yeon into two at any moment. Soon, his axe and Hae Yeon’s fist clashed.

But unfortunately, the situation that Go Song had expected didn’t happen. The axe, which collided with the fist made of flesh and blood, bounced back as if it had struck a steel wall.

Go Song’s eyes widened as if they would tear apart. And at that very moment, Hae Yeon, who had not missed a chance, rushed at him like a bird.

Startled by Hae Yeon’s foot flying toward his knee, he threw himself to the side and changed direction. But, at that moment, Hae Yeon’s body shot up into the air like a lightning bolt and kicked the wrist holding the axe.

A terrible sound rang out. Even without feeling the pain being transmitted, he knew his wrist had been shattered in one hit.

But what shocked Go Song was not Hae Yeon’s technique that broke his wrist.

It was the ridiculous movement where Hae Yeon instantly twisted his extended foot towards Go Song, kicked the air, and then lifted his body up.

He could step in the air and change the direction of his body. But Go Song had never heard or seen anyone use air as a stepping stone naturally, without any preparatory movements, while fighting at high speeds.

But it was too early to be surprised. Hae Yeon, who had broken the wrist, twisted his body in the air and rushed right in front of Go Song.

At the same time, a fist flew towards his face.

A fist unique to Shaolin extended vertically with the thumb facing upward. It flew fiercely as if it would break Go Song’s face.

Go Song gritted his teeth and twisted his waist backward. Hae Yeon’s fist passed right in front of his nose.

But that joy didn’t last even a moment. As the fist passed Go Song’s face, Hae Yeon’s elbow folded and lodged into his chest.

Blood gushed from Go Song’s mouth at the shock of his sternum being crushed.

Go Song swung the axe in a fit of rage. But Hae Yeon didn’t back down; instead, he dug into Go Song’s arms. No matter how sharp the axe was, it couldn’t cut down the teeth that had dug in like a hug.

At that moment, Hae Yeon’s hand gently touched Go Song’s stomach.

“Evil deeds have a price to pay.”

The power that emerged from Hae Yeon’s fingertips, which touched his dantian, shattered Go Song’s insides.

Red blood poured from Go Song’s mouth like a waterfall. As his vision suddenly blurred, Go Song tried to look at Hae Yeon’s face somehow.

It was unclear what he was trying to say, but the emotion he felt at the end was evident.

Hae Yeon chanted a short prayer.

“Please live as a saint in the next life.”

After glancing at the fallen Go Song, he turned his head and went in search of the next opponent.

Go Song, the Flame Axe King.

It was an unexpectedly futile death for someone who had been the second of the Seven Killers of Jiangxi and infamous for so many things.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.