Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The head of the Soul Breaking Killer separated from his body, fell to the ground, and rolled away.

Despite the battlefield being filled with screams and clashes, the sound spread clearly.

The eyes of those who turned their heads in a trance to check the headless corpse trembled as if they were shivering.

‘The S-soul Breaking Killer is…’

It was a battlefield, so death wasn’t a strange thing.

But the Soul Breaking Killer was not just anyone; and he had his throat cut by an old swordsman whose name wasn’t even known. Those who knew how great he was couldn’t help but be shocked.

Anyone who wasn’t a fool couldn’t help but know that the situation was beyond repair. Those from the Evil Sects were more sensitive to the situation on the battlefield than anyone else.

There were two reasons why they had been able to endure it until then.

One was that there was nowhere to run, even if they tried to escape.

And another was the last hope that someone’s efforts could change the flow of the battlefield.

But the warrior Soul Breaking Killer, who should have been leading the situation, was lying on the ground with his head facing the ground.

The Evil Sect people were all filled with despair.

There were still a few warriors, including some of the Seven Killers of Jiangxi, but they were engaged in their own battles.

The sight of the world’s best Seven Killers of Jiangxi being pushed back by a nameless swordsman of Mount Hua was like having cold water poured onto them, and they realized the situation.

It was obvious where the eyes of those who had lost hope were headed. The reason they were able to gather here. And the only one they could finally hope for.

However, the sight before their eyes miserably crushed their last remaining hopes.

The clashing swords and blades bounced off at the same time, creating a loud noise.

A tense clash where neither side could seize the chance to win. Yet, anyone with even a basic understanding of martial arts would easily guess that some were not satisfied with the outcome.

Gal Cheon-rip’s face contorted.

Gal Cheon-rip, who had fiercely kicked the ground and shot out like an arrow, swung the blade again.

The cracking sound rang out as if the air was being torn apart. It was truly an all-out attack with incredible speed and power.

But soon, the sword, which drew a sharp arc from below and flew up, collided head-on with Gal Cheon-rip’s blade.

Another loud explosion erupted, and Gal Cheon-rip’s body swayed backward like a reed hit by a typhoon.

His feet, unable to handle the pressure, stepped back several times.

Gal Cheon-rip’s eyes turned bloodshot with anger.

Of course, the sword that blocked the attack also retreated a similar distance. But the fact was rather humiliating for him.

Gal Cheon-rip bit his lips until they bled.

The blade he swung with both hands collided with the sword swung with one hand, and they were evenly matched. Considering that the blade was twice as thick and heavy as the sword… this was a miserable defeat.

Because this wasn’t a defeat of internal qi and technique, but a defeat of brute force.

‘What kind of strength does a one-armed man even have…’

He had heard that people who have only one arm develop stronger force and grip than those with both hands since they have to do everything with just one arm.

But wasn’t that the story for people who hadn’t learned martial arts?

There was no way that someone with internal qi would experience the same inconvenience as ordinary people while living with one hand. Then, where could he get this brute force from?

“…if I learned the way of Tao, I would have reached the peak stage.”

Un Geom slowly shook his head at Gal Cheon-rip’s words.

“That isn’t innate; it is what I learned.”

Un Geom smiled faintly.

When he considered that he had to reestablish martial arts from the beginning, only one scene came to mind.

The moment he first engraved the name Chung Myung in his mind.

The boy was torturing his body with a large boulder hanging on him.

It was as if he was ignoring the common belief that a swordsman should be nimble.

At first, he thought it was just a means to forcefully lead the older swordsmen. But, as far as he knew, Chung Myung had never stopped training his body since.

Right. That boy was right in front of him.

A person who seemingly had no talent, who was once so weak and small, had now reached a level that was beyond imagination. How could he not follow the shining path when it was so clearly visible?

And the things he had gained while walking that path were now completely present at the tip of his sword.

“Why don’t you check it out for yourself?”

Killing intent rose in the eyes of Gal Cheon-rip.

In an instant, he kicked the ground and closed the distance between himself and Un Geom. He confirmed that this one-armed, left-handed man was stronger than he had anticipated. If it were him, he might have tried to take his time and explore the opponent a little more leisurely.

But now was not the time for leisurely actions.

One reason was the words that the arrogant guy had said before the fight started, which were burning inside him. But the bigger reason was that he couldn’t waste any more time.

He had also clearly seen the Soul Breaking Killer decapitated before he could even fight properly. If he continued to hesitate now, these dogs would eventually lose the will to fight and surrender.

In that case, Gal Cheon-rip wouldn’t even be given a chance to fight. Even if they didn’t know of other things, Mount Hua surely wouldn’t spare him, the one who did this.

The blade tore through the air and came down towards Un Geom, who was holding his reddened sword.

This time, Un Geom didn’t immediately fight back and swiftly moved to the side to avoid the blade attack.

The ground, struck by the blade slash, exploded and burst apart. It was just a blow into the earth, yet a huge hole was gouged out, large enough to fit a person.

The force was enough to make several onlookers gasp in frustration. It was a blow that proved his title was not given without reason.

However, there was no change in the eyes of Un Geom, who had dodged the attack. He simply looked at Gal Cheon-rip with a cold expression.

At that moment, the blade of Gal Cheon-rip began to emit a creepy crackling sound and slashed horizontally.

It was a devastating blow, making one wonder if it was possible to block such a formidable blade with such a thin sword.

Gal Cheon-rip was certain that this time, the damned one-armed man wouldn’t dare to face the sword.

But at that moment, Un Geom planted his foot onto the ground and swung his sword fiercely at the blade flying towards him.

Was it a mistake made because the advantage he had in the first clash was still vivid in his mind? Such recklessness.

A huge crash rang out soon after. As expected, the sword bounced back without a fight. Gal Cheon-rip found hope in this and tightened his grip on the blade. He was determined to cut Un Geom in half!

The sword that had bounced back struck the blade with more force than before.

The blade hesitated as it was struck again.

Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!

In the blink of an eye, a dozen or so sword slashes erupted, completely disrupting the momentum of his blade.

Gal Cheon-rip’s eyes widened as if they were going to tear.

How fast did a sword have to move to do that?

No, that wasn’t simply speed. It was an impossible feat that each blow didn’t completely dissipate the shock that spread through his body the moment the sword and blade collided, using the strength to send the sword flying.

The moment Gal Cheon-rip’s blade bounced off, Un Geom’s sword transformed into a ray of light, generating a dozen or so red lines of sword qi.

Gal Cheon-rip’s thoughts were cut off by the sword flying toward his entire body. It wasn’t a time to be surprised by the opponent’s skills. Wasn’t that sword aimed to take his life?

He gulped the empty wind and twisted his body, moving the blade. He swung the blade again, feeling like he would puke out blood after slashing away the sword.

‘This cannot happen.’

This could not be happening.

‘I am Gal Cheon-rip!’

He should have led all these people to Qinghai and been a leader of the Evil Sect.

Right. Of course, he should have. What he lacked was awareness, not skills. Now that he realized that fact, even if it was late, he should have naturally gotten it.

Fame. Honor. Glory. Power.

‘This Gal Cheon-rip should have risen to the same position as Jang Ilso. I am not someone who falls to a nameless swordsman!’

At that moment, the sword qi of Un Geom soared high, cutting past the blade qi and biting into his side.

He felt a sharp pain rise in his side as red blood poured down his body.

“T-This fucking bastard!”

A beastly howl burst out of Gal Cheon-rip’s mouth, and his face contorted like a demon’s.

The blue blade qi that Gal Cheon-rip released swept out like a storm.

It seemed like just a reckless swing of the blade with leftover internal qi. But it was an attack that proved how a reckless blade could deliver a strong attack if it held speed and strength.

The storm-like blade qi erupted all around, centered on Gal Cheon-rip, and moved to devour Un Geom.

Un Geom quickly stepped back and swatted away the flying blade qi. The blade qi, filled with evil energy and killing intent, chased Un Geom like a devil from hell.

The blade qi flew more fiercely. This time, it seemed determined to take down Un Geom.

A groan escaped Un Geom’s mouth for the first time. As if responding to the sound, the blade qi, with more force, moved to engulf him.

But it wasn’t Un Geom who was hit by that blade qi.

One of the Evil Sect members fighting against a Mount Hua disciple turned around as he felt an eerie sensation.

Gal Cheon-rip’s blade qi devoured the Evil Sect members from behind.

Those cut down by the blade qi could only leave behind desperate screams.

There was no need to explain what happened to those swept away by the storm of blade qi that engulfed everything. Red blood splashed around the battlefield.

The disciples of Mount Hua, who witnessed the sight of their opponents being swept away by the blade qi, stepped back in shock.

The Evil Sect members were also busy avoiding it.

The spinning blade qi stopped with a whirring sound. The sight that was finally revealed was horrific beyond description.

The ground was drenched in blood, and the clothes and pieces of flesh scattered around were so badly torn that it was hard to guess who they belonged to.

Gal Cheon-rip stuck his blade into the ground to catch his breath. Because he had suddenly drawn up a huge amount of internal qi, his face was pale as a sheet.

Everyone was speechless and looked at him.

At that moment, Gal Cheon-rip gritted his teeth to say something.

Un Geom, who had witnessed the tragedy this man caused, had killing intent visible in his eyes.

“… wouldn’t bite down on those who follow it.”

“I will give you a death that suits you.”

Un Geom stepped forward, trampling on the puddle of blood that had gathered under his feet.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.