Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The inside of Eunha Merchant Manor was crowded with people.

The Xi’an sects, who had heard that Mount Hua was returning, gathered to see them off.

“… Did you come in person?”

In response to the question from the clan leader Dan Byung-Rip of the Great Wind Clan, clan leader Nam Ja-Myung coughed loudly.

He pretended to calm his expression and spoke in a solemn tone.

“Even though we belong to different clans, shouldn’t we remember to be grateful? Since we have received a favor from Mount Hua, it is only natural to show respect.”

“For that, you have a lot in your hands.”

“… It is just a token of sincerity.”

“If you show sincerity twice, you will have to pull out the roots of the sect. Today is the first time I found that the Full Moon Clan has such money.”

“T-this man is serious!”

When Nam Ja-Myung glared at him, Dan Byung-Rip turned his head away with a sour look on his face. Although he was teasing him, he also understood Nam Ja-Myung’s feelings.

‘I guess this is an inevitable choice.’

Not only the clans of Xi’an but also the people of Xi’an who received the grace of Mount Hua had come.

Now, everyone in Xi’an knew that those Evil Sect bastards killed innocent villagers on their way to Xi’an. Everyone could easily guess that Xi’an would have suffered the same fate if Mount Hua hadn’t come.

So naturally, Xi’an people’s favor towards Mount Hua soared to an unparalleled level. Three years ago, Mount Hua protected the pride of Shaanxi in the Yangtze River. Now they had saved their lives, so it would be strange if they were not happy.

‘Now, if you want to do business in Xi’an, you have no choice but to align with Mount Hua.’

The disciples who were there now might be able to protect them. But now and in the future, why would anyone want to deal with Southern Edge’s clans when there were other sub-clans of Mount Hua, like the Hwa-young clan?

Public sentiment was sometimes cold to the extent of being cruel.

Now, the kids did not speak of the Thirty-Six Sword Movements while swinging their sticks. Since the words “Plum Blossom Sword technique” were coming out of the children’s mouths, the public sentiment in Xi’an was as good as gone.

Even if the Southern Edge were to release its Closed Gate, it would not be able to reverse this.

So, the representative of Southern Edge’s sub-clans, Nam Ja-Myung, would naturally be upset.

‘If I were to clearly switch to Mount Hua, my relationship with Southern Edge would be ruined, and if I were to stay as Southern Edge’s sub-clan, then my name would be ruined.’

A warrior clan that didn’t have disciples was no different from a store that customers didn’t visit.

“Ohh, young clan leader!”

“Hehe. I have only seen you for a few days, but you seem to have turned more devoted.”

The other side literally hit the jackpot.

Everyone was impatient because they couldn’t speak to Wei Soheng, who was from the Hwa-young clan. The fact that people were so humble to the next clan leader, who wasn’t even a fully fledged clan leader, showed the position the Hwa-young clan held in Xi’an.

‘Of course. It is the Hwa-young clan.’

The Hwa-young clan was not just a simple sub-sect of Mount Hua. It was a true friend that had stayed by Mount Hua’s side even when no one in the world of murim showed interest.

A friend who stayed by the side of Mount Hua during difficult times was treated much better than a friend who only came in good times.

Those who knew how much Mount Hua values the Hwa-young clan could not help but try to look good.

‘Xi’an has really changed so much.’

No, it wasn’t just Xi’an that has changed.

Now that Mount Hua has returned, all of Kangho must naturally be nervous.

Even before Mount Hua entered their Closed Gate, each of their actions had stirred the Murim world. It was clear that their skills had improved significantly over the past three years, causing quite a storm.

“Mount Hua’s people are coming out!”

As someone shouted, all eyes turned toward them. Indeed, Mount Hua’s swordsmen were seen walking out in a line.

Those watching them gulped momentarily, a strange look in their eyes.

When they had fought here before, they shuddered at the killing intent and presence of Mount Hua’s swordsmen. But now, they didn’t feel that at all.

There was a moderate amount of gentleness and calmness.

‘It is like the Southern Edge.’

‘No, it seems like they are more relaxed than Southern Edge.’

‘Now Mount Hua has truly acquired the dignity of a great sect.’

It was not just skills that made people look up to them. Those who were once again impressed by Mount Hua opened their mouths and greeted Hyun Jong, who was in the lead.

“Sect leader! I heard you are going back to Mount Hua!”

“I don’t know how to repay the favor that Mount Hua and Southern Edge have shown me.”

“We will also visit Mount Hua often. So please stop by Xi’an frequently.”

Hyun Jong, slightly surprised by the crowd of people, smiled gently.

“You are just going home, but I don’t know what to do with myself for sending you off like this.”

“Of course you should.”

Nam Ja-Myung stepped forward and bowed his head to Hyun Jong.

“I would like to thank you on behalf of the Xi’an clans and the common people here for saving the city. I should have come here to thank you long ago.”

“Don’t do this, clan leader.”

Hyun Jong grabbed Nam Ja-Myung’s hand tightly.

“We are no strangers, so if you show this much courtesy, I will feel embarrassed.”

Nam Ja-Myung looked at Hyun Jong blankly at the words, ‘We are no strangers.’

“Would it be impossible for our clan to be friends with Mount Hua? It isn’t necessary to be a clan under Mount Hua to be friends.”

“… would the Southern Edge’s clan also be able to do that?”

Hyun Jong smiled brightly.

“You speak of something so obvious.”

“Ah. Then, Southern Edge too….”

Hyun Jong smiled brightly and didn’t say anything, so Nam Ja-Myung’s eyes sent warning signals.

In addition, the disciples of the Mount Hua sect standing behind Hyun Jong were all looking at each other as if to say, ‘Not Southern Edge, not that place, you moron!’

“… I was short-sighted; I blurted out the wrong words. Forgive me, Sect Leader.”

At that moment, Dan Byeong-Rip, who was next to him, quickly pushed the man away and asked.

“We are close, right, Sect Leader?”

“Yes, that is true.”

“I understand what you mean.”

When Dan Byeong-Rip nodded, Hyun Jong smiled brightly. Then he said,

“You say that Mount Hua protected Xi’an, but that is wrong.”

“If you hadn’t risked your lives to stop the Evil Sect first, the damage would have been too much to handle even when Mount Hua arrived.”

“You were truly wonderful.”

Dan Byeong-Rip couldn’t continue speaking and looked at Hyun Jong. After hesitating a bit, he finally nodded.

“Thank you, Sect Leader.”

“No need to say it.”

Hyun Jong lightly waved his hand.

“Then I will leave now. I am very eager to speak, but we have also left our sect unattended for too long.”

“Ye-yes! You must do so since you are busy with the reconstruction.”

The disciples, who had been desperate to say a word, soon gave up and cleared the way.

Except for one person.

Wei Soheng ran to Chung Myung, who was behind him. However, Chung Myung kept his gaze fixed ahead and didn’t turn around.

“Taoist Chung Myung?”

And without giving Wei Soheng a glance, he motioned for them to move away with his chin.

Wei Soheng, observing the situation, spoke as if he understood.

“… Did you do something again?”

“Then… how many days is the punishment?”

At that moment, Hyun Jong turned around, making Chung Myung flinch.

“Isn’t the young clan leader asking? Don’t worry about it and answer him.”

Hyun Jong quickly turned his head as if he didn’t want to continue the conversation. Only then did Chung Myung look at Wei Soheng, mumbling.

“Taoist! Can I visit Mount Hua when I have time?”

“I don’t see any problem… Well, I don’t know. How long will we even be at Mount Hua?”

“We’re going to get a bit busy now.”

Chung Myung giggled.

“I have been training hard, so I should swing my sword a bit. If not, it will be unfair.”

Wei Soheng nodded quickly, understanding after seeing Chung Myung’s confident face.

“Yes, Taoist. Then I will not bother you.”

“It isn’t a bother.”

Chung Myung placed his hand on Wei Soheng’s head.

“The sub-clan is also Mount Hua.”

“As Mount Hua has worked hard and gotten stronger, the Hwa-young clan should also get stronger. When I return to Mount Hua, I will quickly establish a method so that the Hwa-young clan can also train well.”

“Then, can I be of help to the Taoist?”

“You are already doing a good job at that.”

“Compared to the sahyungs behind me, you are an adult, an adult.”

“Yah, I am not denying that, but it doesn’t seem like something you should be saying.”

Chung Myung ignored their words and spoke to Wei Soheng.

“A war so big that even the Hwa-young clan cannot avoid is coming soon. The only thing that can save you in the war is your skills. So do not slack off on the training.”

“I will keep that in mind.”

Chung Myung chuckled and patted him on the shoulder once again.

“Give my regards to the clan leader.”

Jo Gul, who was watching Chung Myung address Wei Soheng, frowned slightly and said.

“Why is that brat so kind to him?”

Baek Cheon answered calmly.

“You don’t seem to know much, but he is actually kind with kids.”

“He is kind to the younger ones. He was like that in the North Sea too.”

“What about us then?”

“When that brat and I first met, we were kids too, but that brat lifted my chin and hit me against the ceiling as soon as he saw me.”

Baek Cheon smiled and answered.

“At least he was a kid back then. He was younger than you.”

The voice that explained everything to us one by one was incredibly kind.

“And after all, you know,”

“That guy is weak to people who are humans.”

“Then, wasn’t I a human?”

“Do I really have to spill it out now?”

Jo Gul, who was about to protest, quietly closed his mouth for a moment. This was because Yoon Jong was looking at him with a look that said, ‘Please say one more thing so that I can shut you up’.

“Then, Taoist, have a good journey!”

When Wei Soheng returned to his place, Hwa-young clan members lined up around him.

“I pray for the safety of the Mount Hua sect!”

Everyone simultaneously gave a round of applause to see Mount Hua off. The other clans who saw this also lined up in unison and gave their respects to Mount Hua.

Hyun Jong greeted them one by one with a gentle smile and claps.

As Mount Hua was out of the gate, the waiting civilians all cheered. As they watched Mount Hua walk into the cheers, the disciples of Xi’an clans trembled with a new feeling.

“Yes, Clan leader Nam.”

“What did the sect leader mean by ‘friend’ earlier? I think clan leader Dan has an idea.”

Dan Byeong-Rip smiled at Nam Ja-Myung’s question.

“The sect leader meant the Heavenly Friends Alliance.”

“Heavenly Friends Alliance? Ah… friend. Right, that makes sense.”

Whether they were the Southern Edge’s sub-sect or not, everyone who joined the Heavenly Friends Alliance was considered Mount Hua’s friend.

“…Then I guess we should make a move right away….”

“I want to say that there is no other way to make a living, but…”

The man smiled bitterly.

“To be honest, I also want to be a friend of Mount Hua.”

“I don’t think Southern Edge would like it.”

“Parents cannot be happy with all of their kid’s friends, so I hope they understand.”

Nam Ja-Myung gulped at the implication of those words.

The leaders of the clans who heard the conversation between the two also watched the Mount Hua sect moving away.

And Hwang Jongi, who was observing all of this from behind, smiled brightly.

“Now, there is going to be a lot of work to do.”

However, the work that needed to be done no longer felt arduous.

The disciples of Mount Hua, who had passed through the gates amidst applause, sighed with tired faces.

“Why are there so many people around?”

Those who pretended to be calm warriors when others were watching slumped their shoulders as soon as the others disappeared.

“I almost had a sore throat with how much I tensed my shoulders.”

“I kept my eyes open too much, so my eyes hurt.”

“What can we do though? They like us so much.”

They were complaining that it was hard, but they didn’t really look upset. Rather, the smile on their lips suggested they were enjoying the situation itself.

Hyun Jong asked casually.

“If it is that hard, would you like to rest a bit?”

“We move quickly, sect leader!”

“We have delayed too much already! We have to get there before the sun sets!”

Mount Hua’s disciples shouted as if they had nothing to think about.

They all must have felt the same way.

Their bodies hadn’t fully recovered from the long training, so it wasn’t easy to take the long way. Nevertheless, everyone was stamping their feet as if they wanted to run to Mount Hua in one stride.

‘Did we miss it so much?’

The disciples of Mount Hua turned their gazes to the east.

Far away, where five mountains peaked through the horizon.

To Mount Hua, from which they came.

The disciples of Mount Hua began to run quickly.

With a little excitement and deep longing in their hearts.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.