Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The disciples of Mount Hua stepped back in a hurry.

If Chung Myung and Tang Gunak were to spar, it would be difficult to handle the aftereffects, even if it wasn’t a life-and-death battle.

But, along with the concern about being swept away, their eyes began to show a clear sense of anticipation.

Now that he had become so familiar with Mount Hua, there were many times when they began to not feel his majestic presence. But, he was the lord of the Sichuan Tang family, which was one of the most powerful families among the Five Great Families.

Needless to say, his position in the murim world was high. Still, the weight of the name Tang Gunak was even stronger than his title as the head of the Sichuan Tang family.

Poison King, Tang Gunak.

His name was by no means inferior to the leaders of the Nine Great Sects who showed their power in the Yangtze River. No, in some ways, he was even evaluated as being stronger than them.

That person was now showing his power in front of Chung Myung without hiding it.

Even though Chung Myung was called Mount Hua’s Sword Saint and was evaluated as a potential leader of the next generation’s Murim, they still could not dare to compare him to Tang Gunak.

And yet, none of Mount Hua’s disciples who were watching this mismatched fight looked worried about Chung Myung. They just looked ahead to the outcome of this spar with excited eyes.

What was in their eyes was simply their unwavering belief in Chung Myung.

‘Such a new feeling.’

Baek Cheon’s tightly shut lips trembled slightly.

The sight of Chung Myung and Tang Gunak facing each other overlapped with the sight he had seen in the past. The two people who had met at Jo Gul’s house. And the ten-second fight that happened.

That was the beginning of their ties.

However, Baek Cheon knew. The fight at that time couldn’t be called a proper fight. Although Tang Pae had stepped in and ruined the spar, it was a fight that had started with the rule that if Chung Myung could block ten moves, then Mount Hua would be recognized as the victor.

But now, the two faced each other without any conditions, unlike back then.

“… isn’t it too rushed? No matter what, the sect leader is still here.”

When Yoon Jong spoke in a slightly timid tone, Baek Cheon shook his head and replied in a firm tone.

“I am sure the sect leader will understand.”

“But… the closer you are to each other, the more polite you should be, right? Saying this as soon as you meet.”

“You are not wrong. But…”

Baek Cheon spoke clearly without taking his eyes off the two of them.

“There are times when that happens. There are times when politeness isn’t necessary.”

The feeling of the flowing air touching his fingertips was vivid.

Through that feeling, Tang Gunak, who was certain that his concentration had reached its peak, stared blankly at Chung Myung standing across from him.

He desperately calmed down, his lips curling into a smile.

‘Life is so unpredictable.’

When he first met Chung Myung in Sichuan, would he have ever imagined that he would engage in a duel with a young swordsman who was dazzling like thunder?

Watching Chung Myung so effortlessly accept his presence and qi, he felt proud and challenged at the same time.

He must have gotten stronger.

There was no doubt about that.

That young swordsman had always done things beyond Tang Gunak’s expectations. So, of course, in the past three years, he must have gotten stronger to shatter his expectations, too.

That was why he wanted to know.

How much stronger had this young friend of his become? Whether Tang Gunak could still reach his limit or not.

It was at the moment when the rising concentration pulled the muscles of his entire body taut.

Unlike him, who was full of qi, Chung Myung was acting coquettishly in a relaxed manner.

“You don’t have to act so scary. It is just a fight.”

Tang Gunak, who was staring at Chung Myung, speaking without losing his composure, smiled faintly.

“I have a question.”

“Do you think there is anyone who can show such insolence in front of me and still live?”

Chung Myung’s eyes widened slightly, but soon, those eyes curved down.

Chung Myung answered with a sly smile.

“There must be. Isn’t there at least one person?”

“Or I could be the first.”

The moment that short conversation ended, Chung Myung and Tang Gunak looked at each other and smiled.

The conversation they were having now was the same conversation they had when they first met at the merchant manor in the past.

Yes. Chung Myung was indeed the first person to act insolently to Tang Gunak, survive, and even become his friend.

“How? Will you do ten moves this time?”

“… I don’t think even a hundred moves would be enough.”

“That guy who is the head of the Tang family seems to be joking too much.”

“Because I am the head of the Tang family, I cannot say a thousand moves out of pride.”

“… you have turned a lot more easygoing.”

Tang Gunak smiled faintly.

It wasn’t a joke. It felt like a thousand moves wouldn’t be enough. He had been trying to suppress Chung Myung by increasing his qi for a while, but he just couldn’t seem to sense Chung Myung’s qi fighting back.

‘It feels like pushing down flowing water.’

The fierce battle on the Yangtze River.

Chung Myung survived even after facing Jang Ilso. That fact alone earned him a reputation that shook the world of Murim.

But he knew it, and Chung Myung knew it, too. The fact that he was able to stand up to Jang Ilso didn’t mean he was as strong as Jang Ilso.

What about Chung Myung now, not Chung Myung back then?

Did Chung Myung now have the strength to face Jang Ilso and the Four Precepts Alliance?

‘We will find out when we check.’

A dagger was pulled out from Tang Gunak’s sleeve. A sharp, flowing qi emanated from Tang Gunak’s body as he held the dagger between his index and middle fingers.

Chung Myung slowly pulled out the Dark Fragrant Plum Blossom Sword. He held the sword, shining in the sunlight, facing down and took a stance.

A gentle stance that didn’t show an ounce of pressure. However, the moment he saw this, Tang Gunak felt strangely out of breath.

It was just a low-level movement, nothing special. But it was definitely different from the form Tang Gunak had seen so far. He couldn’t tell what was different, but it was definitely different.

Tang Gunak’s lips twitched.

He thought about saying, ‘Be careful.’ But he stopped himself. The person standing in front of him didn’t necessarily need such consideration.

Tang Gunak’s fingers gripped the dagger that was stuck between them as if it would break.

Once, Tang Bo used the Soul Chasing Dagger.

The moment qi, which surged from his dantian, was infused, the dagger burst out with a large aura.

Tang Gunak’s clear-eyed gaze met in the air.

The Soul Chasing Dagger that Tang Gunak had been holding suddenly appeared in the air.

At the same time, two loud noises erupted, reverberating all around.

Kwak Hwi opened his eyes wide.

Even though he was clearly watching it happen in front of him, he couldn’t figure out what was happening.

‘N-no. Wait… so the two of them were facing each other, and suddenly the dagger appeared from above, and a sound burst out?’

Two things were different from the start.

All that was there was the form of Tang Gunak with his hand extended and Chung Myung holding the sword diagonally.

A voice like salvation came to Kwak Hwi’s ears, who was confused because he couldn’t understand at all.

“I have finally seen this in my life,”

When he turned his gaze, Baek Cheon, Yu Yiseol, and Jo Gul were shaking their heads with exhausted faces. Thinking that they seemed to understand something, Kwak Hwi said.

“Just something obvious.”

Baek Cheon calmly said.

“The attacker swung the sword, and the defender just blocked it.”

Baek Cheon bit his lip and said.

“The process was so fast that the sound came late.”

Kwak Hwi’s face turned pale.

So… right now, in front of his eyes, Tang Gunak made his attack, and Chung Myung hit it and bounced it back, but the process was so fast that all he could see was the knife floating in the air?

‘What kind of fight is this?’

Kwak Hwi had also gained great confidence through their training. But the situation unfolding in front of his eyes had destroyed the confidence he had worked so hard to build up.

It was just different. Could there be a scene that fits that phrase so well?

“Huh? Ah… yes, sasuk!”

“Don’t miss a single moment of this duel.”

“It will be helpful to you someday. Just like we did.”

The disciples of Mount Hua and Kwak Hwi, who had been lost in confusion, opened their eyes brightly at those words.

Chung Myung lightly brushed his sword. The dull pain in his wrist brought about a subtle feeling.

“Doesn’t the name Poison King seem a bit discolored?”

Tang Gunak shrugged his shoulders after retrieving the dagger that was spinning in the air.

“Tsk. I gave you too much freedom.”

Chung Myung was pleased.

Of course, he knew that Tang Gunak had never given his all in their past duel. It would be humiliating for a proud warrior like Tang Gunak to exert his full strength against a mere third-generation disciple.

But even considering that, the power and speed of his dagger had surpassed Tang Gunak’s power from the past.

‘It is enough to make me think of the past.’

It was something that made him recall Tang Bo.

And this situation meant one thing.

Since his visit to the Tang Family in the past, Tang Gunak had focused solely on refining his skills, not on poison. It meant he had been honing himself tirelessly over the years without taking it easy.

In order to overcome the limitations of using poison.

“… it couldn’t have been easy.”

Originally, changing the fundamentals was a painful process that could not be compared to normal cultivation.

However, Tang Gunak shook his head as if it was nothing.

“It wasn’t just Mount Hua.”

When Chung Myung tilted his head at the puzzling words, Tang Gunak spoke in a calm but firm tone.

“From the perspective of Mount Hua, which is advancing ahead of everything in the world, everything else must have seemed to be at a standstill.”

“But we are not just going to watch Mount Hua develop from our place. We are moving ahead slowly but surely, one step at a time.”

Tang Gunak grabbed his sword.

“So I don’t have any intention of giving up yet. It is my job to destroy the Four Sects Alliance, not yours.”

Chung Myung’s lips twitched.

It was an expression he made while trying to suppress the laughter that was escaping from delight.

-I told you that I will kill the bastard called the Heavenly Demon! I told you, hyung! Just watch from behind!

Blood was indeed thicker than water?

Chung Myung slowly lowered his sword.

What Tang Gunak said now was the best thing a warrior and a comrade could say.

Chung Myung, who was smiling, gripped his sword tightly. The green thread hanging from the tip of his sword swayed lightly.

He must prove himself as a warrior and a comrade. The time he spent was not in vain!

At that moment, the dagger thrown by Tang Gunak turned into three rays of light and flew toward Chung Myung.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.