Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

There was a strange aspect to perception.

Surprisingly, people did not feel peace as peace and did not feel chaos as chaos.

In situations where peace continued, they did not perceive the tranquility as special. In situations where chaos persisted, they did not find the urgency unusual.

It had been three years since the Yangtze River War.

At first, those who were groaning from the great war that started from the Yangtze River began to accept such situations as a normal part of daily life.

Even in chaos, there was stability.

In the midst of the chaos caused by the conflict between the Evil Sects and the Nine Great Sects and the existence of many sects, people were somehow building stability in their lives.

That was until a rumor suddenly spread like a footnote across the Yangtze River basin.

“The Tang family is withdrawing from Hubei?”

The man who heard that suddenly got up with wide eyes.

“What the heck is that supposed to mean? The Tang family is stepping back?”

“It is exactly that. They are heading back to Sichuan.”

“Then what should we do?”

The faces of those gathered in groups of three or five turned pale.

Those who cultivated the land north of the Yangtze River could not help but know how much work the Sichuan Tang had done over the past few years. If they had not guarded the place, some of those there would certainly not be alive.

But when such a party suddenly withdrew from the Yangtze River, he couldn’t help but be shocked.

“W-why so suddenly?”

“It seems that the Evil Sect appeared in Sichuan.”

“Right. Didn’t the Evil Sect run rampant in Sichuan a while ago, burning down houses and plundering property?”

“Now, even in Sichuan…”

“And not long ago, the Evil Sect bastards stirred up Shaanxi again. Now Shaanxi and Sichuan are no longer safe places.”

The faces of those who spoke showed a regret that could not be expressed in words.

As the name suggests, the Sichuan Tang Family were the stewards of Sichuan. If the Evil Sect was heading to Sichuan, then the Tang family should naturally return to protect Sichuan.

“… I am worried about what will happen if the Tang family leaves….”

“That is why I am saying….”

“Is the Tang family really that powerless? Even if Sichuan is in trouble, it isn’t enough reason to completely withdraw them….”

“What is this guy talking about!”

One of the people listening turned red with anger.

“It is the Sichuan Tang family! The Sichuan Tang family! They have no ties to Hubei but haven’t they protected us for the past few years without receiving any compensation for it?”

“W-well, that is true….”

“Then what? Their house is on fire, and you want them to abandon it and protect us? Is that something a person who has been wearing soft clothes is supposed to even say?”

“I was just saying that I was so sad, just that. Why are you so upset….”

The one who spoke became dispirited and shrugged his shoulders.

“Right! Isn’t there a separate place that should be responsible for those damned Evil Sect guys?”

At those words, the name of a sect came to everyone’s mind. The sect had been their pride and joy until the Yangtze River war happened.

“Even the Tang family would travel a thousand kilometers to get back when there was a problem in their own town, but when the people are suffering in Hubei like this, where are the goddamned Wudang, and what are they up to?”

“… who doesn’t know that? Isn’t it because Wudang is Wudang that they don’t show their faces?”

“Then we should head to the Wudang and protest! Honestly, what did the Wudang do when they decided to sit silently and do nothing? Moreover, I heard that even Mount Hua broke down their Sealed Gate to rescue Shaanxi from the Evil Sects.”

The faces of those who heard the name Mount Hua changed.

For the people of Hubei, the name of Mount Hua brought extreme confusion.

It was a forgotten Taoist sect, not comparable to the Wudang sect that once represented Hubei. However, after the Yangtze River incident, it was the only sect that fought against the Evil Sect.

Now, three years later, Mount Hua’s position was somewhere in the middle.

“Mount Hua broke their Closed Gate and came out…”

“Isn’t that what I’m saying? To be honest, Mount Hua and Wudang went under Closed Gate at the same time, right?”

“It’s different. Definitely different.”

Mount Hua closed their Gate to gain power for the sect, but Wudang couldn’t handle the criticism and ran away.

“If Mount Hua had been active in the murim world for the past three years, it would have received all kinds of praise. Wasn’t Mount Hua the only sect that protected its pride during the damned Yangtze River incident? Yet, the sect that refused to do that and closed the Gate, claiming it lacked strength, is our sect! Mount Hua!”

“… right. That is a good sect.”

“Even that sect is opening the Closed Gate and coming out to protect its people in trouble, but the damn Wudang doesn’t care if the people in Hubei live or die. Ugh, damn!”

The fear that the Tang family was leaving began to turn into criticism of Wudang.

Actually, anyone with sense would naturally say it.

“Where is Wudang? What on earth are the small and medium sects doing in Hubei now? They used to brag about being a sub-clan under Wudang! If there is no Wudang, do the sub-clans have to sit and suck their thumbs? They say there were sub-clans of Mount Hua in Shaanxi who fought against the Evil Sect before Mount Hua arrived!”

“Even the sub-clans of Southern Edge went there and fought with their lives on the line.”

The thing that stimulated people the most was anxiety.

The anxiety over the absence of the Tang family potentially worsening the chaos was causing unrest in Hubei.

“I heard that the people of Gyun County have turned to Wudang. Let us wait a bit longer. If they have any shame, they will surely open the gates and come out.”

“… if they had any shame, would they have closed the gates on us?”

“Ugh, damn it! This is so frustrating!”

The news of the withdrawal of the Sichuan Tang family was enough to turn the Yangtze River upside down. But there was another place facing its own crisis.

“What? What did you say?”

“… Plum Blossom Island is being abandoned.”

The color drained from the face of Sima Gong, the lead merchant of the Great Blessings Merchant Union.

“Plum Blossom Island?”

“… Yes, lord, Plum Blossom Island.”

“N-No! Why is Plum Blossom Island, which was doing so well, being abandoned? Did I hear something wrong?”

“No, the rumor spreading right now is the same. They say they will receive shipments until tomorrow and no more after that.”

“T-They are doing final maintenance? Is that all?”

“… It looks like they are going to withdraw entirely.”

“No! Why are they withdrawing, then? They have been raking in money! And what about the facilities built there? What about them?”

“It looks like they are going to throw them all away.”

Sima Gong mumbled in a bewildered tone.

How much effort did the Heavenly Friends Alliance put into Plum Blossom Island and the adjacent dock? What used to be nothing more than a vast plain has now become a huge city that rivals any place in Hubei.

And yet, they were going to completely withdraw from the place?

‘Are they in their right mind?’

With common sense, it was something he couldn’t understand.

He was a merchant, so he couldn’t understand the thoughts of others, but no matter what, it was like…

“No, if that is the case, you shouldn’t have started a business here! They could make more money, but they decide to close it down? Have they lost it?”

Sima Gong couldn’t stand it anymore and jumped up from his place.

“L-lord? What are you going to do…”

“I have to see it with my own eyes! I cannot believe it!”

Fortunately, the residence where he was staying was not too far from Plum Blossom Island. Not only the Great Blessing Merchant Union but also many merchants had established branches near Plum Blossom Island to ensure smooth shipping and had merchants preside over them.

When he arrived at the dock, gasping for air, he saw many people who had already gathered after hearing the same news.

“Island Lord! What is happening here?”

“Is Mount Hua really withdrawing from Plum Blossom Island?”

“Then what are we going to do? If this happens, we will all starve to death!”

Surrounded by the crowd, Im So-Byeong let out a deep sigh.

He had run all the way to Shaanxi and was chased away without even resting, and today was the day he returned to Plum Blossom Island. But as soon as he returned, he was surrounded by people and tormented, so he couldn’t help but cry.

Maybe he was a little happy. After being tormented by those damned people who only considered him a bandit, he was still with those who treated him like a fugitive.

“Everyone, please calm down.”

Im So-Byeong opened his mouth with a hollow cough.

“Is it really true? About Plum Blossom Island?”

“It is true. It is unfortunate, but Plum Blossom Island will be closing down its business starting tomorrow.”

“Then what are we supposed to do?”

“Without Plum Blossom Island, we cannot transport the goods to the South! Those thugs and bandits will run wild!”

“Mount Hua! What is Mount Hua saying? Is this the intention of Mount Hua?”

“Now, now, calm down, please.”

Im So-Byeong waved his hand and stopped the commotion.

“I also want to help out with the business, but… unfortunately, the movements in the South are rather odd. Don’t you all know the situation by now?”

Those who had been opposing him all that time went silent.

They also knew that the Four Precepts Alliance had finished their internal reorganization. They were merchants. No matter how vicious the Four Precepts Alliance was, they wouldn’t try to kill the merchants.

But Plum Blossom Island was Mount Hua’s project. It was a place they would definitely target when they crossed the Yangtze River.

Im So-Byeong nodded.

“But you don’t have to worry too much. Isn’t this Plum Blossom Island? Even if it isn’t Mount Hua, someone will surely try to continue the plan.”

“Ughh. That is right, but…”

“Then doesn’t the Heavenly Friends Alliance know anything about that?”

Im So-Byeong smiled wryly.

“It is pointless to talk about it when they are leaving. But….”

“Everything flows naturally, right? The actual owner has to return to their place.”

“If you say the original owner….”

“Well. I think I have said everything I wanted to say. Even if it is night, we won’t rest and will make sure the goods are delivered before the sun sets tomorrow, so if you have any unloaded goods, bring them in quickly!”

The merchants’ eyes shook as they heard those words.

“Damn it! The warehouse is still full of goods!”

“Now wait a minute, even if we move the goods, how are we going to bring back the exchanged goods?”

“We will think about it later!”

In an instant, they were caught up in confusion and couldn’t even think of asking Im So-Byeong anything else.

In the midst of that chaos, Im So-Byeong just snickered.

‘The Evil Sect’s conspiracy?’

Don’t even say it as a joke.

In terms of plotting, he was nowhere near the toes of that devil.

Im So-Byeong took in the large city spread out before him with both eyes. It was a commercial city where the wealthiest merchants in the world would gather, a city that anyone in the world would covet.

‘Is there a greater bait in the world than this?’

Im So-Byeong wasn’t sure whether Chung Myung had really planned this three years ago or if things had just happened this way. He had his suspicions, but no evidence.

In any case, regardless of the intentions, this land was sure to become the epicenter of a tornado that would sweep up countless people.

“… such a shame though.”

Im So-Byeong licked his lips and gestured to his subordinates.

“Ship the money in advance. We have to leave tomorrow.”

“Yes! Green Forest… no, Island Lord!”

Im So-Byeong opened his fan and waved it in front of his face.

“It is a shame that the name’ Island Lord’ will vanish, but I guess it is for the best.”

His gaze turned to the other side of the river.

“I think it is going to be more fun from now on.”

A soft laugh drifted through the confused shouts of the people.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.