Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“It-it is the pirates!”

“It is the pirates!”

The massive ship couldn’t help but draw attention.

The faces of those who saw the enormous black ship near Plum Blossom Island turned pale instantly.

Of course, the pirates were not ones to carelessly kill or harm those who seemed to be of some status.

Just as bandits didn’t always descend the mountain to attack civilians, the pirates didn’t bother setting foot on land. That was the iron rule they had kept to survive.

But no matter what, pirates were pirates!

The sight of pirates taking over Plum Blossom Island, which had been left alone until now, was enough to frighten everyone.

“Yah, is this really okay?”

“Why is Mount Hua aiding this? If we back off like this, the island will really fall into their hands!”

“…can we do business then?”

There was only one reason why people did not flee immediately after seeing that sight.

Most of the people here were merchants. Those who used Plum Blossom Island and filled the nearby cities were merchants and their families.

The rest were those who came to do business with the merchants, meaning that if they ran away, they would have to find a new way to make a living.

It wasn’t as easy as it sounds to abandon one’s home, so they had no choice but to remain.

“T-that seems to be coming this way?”

Everyone’s eyes widened at someone’s shout.

The ship that had approached Plum Blossom Island slowly turned its bow and headed towards the dock.

“What should we do? Should we run away now?”

“If we run away now, what else can we do? If we cannot do business anyway, aren’t we all just going to starve to death? In that case, it would be better to hold on and die.”

“Would a living person have their mouth shut? We have to eat and survive.”

“I cannot leave this place. You go.”

Those who had some foresight had already taken out the items from the warehouse, yet they still couldn’t bring themselves to move.

The merchants who could survive in the North wouldn’t have to worry about anything. Still, for those who made a living by trading in the South, it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that everything depended on Plum Blossom Island.

“L-let’s listen to what they have to say. Isn’t it the methods of the Evil Sect before all this?”

“The principle of the Evil Sect is that if you put it on your ear, it’s an earring, and if you put it on your nose, it’s a nose ring. How can something that changes at will be a principle?”

“Then what are we going to do?”

While the people hesitated and struggled, the huge black ship drew closer to the dock.

Soon, the ship slowed down and began to dock at the port.

Silence fell for a moment. Someone gulped, the sound echoing like thunder among them.

A group of people wearing blue clothes jumped from the ship so high it seemed doubtful they could even reach the bridge. They ran and took over the area around the dock in one swift motion.

“Get back right now if you don’t want to get your throat cut!”

The merchants hurriedly retreated in fear at the threat of the men.

“N-No, wait a minute. I have a question…”

In the midst of all this, one merchant refused to back down and tried to speak stubbornly. Suddenly, one of the pirates raised his weapon.

But right before, the merchant’s neck was cut off.

A thunderous roar erupted. The men holding the weapon froze in place like stone.

A man slowly appeared on the deck of the tall ship.

A long black beard and a large physique.

Just by looking at the black robe with a golden dragon engraved on it, one could easily guess the identity of the man.

“B-Black Dragon King.”

A light poured out from the Black Dragon King’s two sharp eyes.

He had a large physique and an appearance that was enough to frighten people. When such a man radiated anger, some of those watching the scene lost their strength in their legs and collapsed on the spot.

“I told you not to touch people.”

“B-Black Dragon King! I just…”

“This filthy bastard!”

With a thud, the Black Dragon King jumped out of the ship and slowly approached the dock. Then he grabbed the guy by the collar.

“Cool your head and come back.”

The Black Dragon King grabbed the man with one hand and threw him.

The guy, who flew through the air in one swift motion, screamed and fell into the middle of the river. After the splash, silence fell.

‘Is that a human’s strength?’

The merchants stared at the Black Dragon King with mouths wide open, unable to believe what they had just seen.

The Black Dragon King glared at the surroundings. Fortunately, the ones he was glaring at were not merchants but pirates.

“I will say it again. Anyone who hurts someone here will pay the price. Anyone who hits someone will have their arm cut off; anyone who cuts someone will have their neck cut off. And anyone who kills someone will have their body turned into something that can neither live nor die, and they will be used to fill the stomachs of the Yangtze River fishes!”

“Yes! We will keep that in mind!”

The Black Dragon King finally nodded, seemingly satisfied.

“From now on, this place will be managed by our pirates. Everything else will go back to the way it was before.”

One of the merchants who had been oppressed by the momentum mustered up the courage and raised his hand hesitantly. His entire face was covered in cold sweat.

“Uh, B-Black Dragon King. What you mean is… we can use Plum Blossom Island like before?”

The Black Dragon King shouted loudly enough for everyone to hear.

“In the name of the Black Dragon King, I declare that there will be no plundering on this Plum Blossom Island! We will protect you!”

“T-then the usage fee is…”

The Black Dragon King frowned.

Unlike Im So-Byeong, who would rush in with his eyes lit up when money was mentioned, the Black Dragon King was still uncomfortable talking about money.

One of the pirates quickly guessed his intentions and spoke up.

“The Black Dragon King said to double the previous usage fees. Since the people have changed, the fee should naturally change as well.”

The merchants nodded, swallowing their anxiety.

Double would be an acceptable amount. Of course, some weren’t happy, but dissatisfaction had to be expressed carefully. No one dared to bargain in front of the Black Dragon King.

If they tried to bargain without solid reasons to save a couple of coins, they might have to bargain with their lives.

The Black Dragon King gestured forward with his chin.

“From now on, this city is also part of the territory of the Yangtze River 18 River Families. Anyone who wants to stay or do business here will have to pay taxes to the pirates!”

The pirates rushed ahead to occupy the city.

Some looked at the scene and felt relieved that the pirates had guaranteed their safety. Others lamented the fact that the fee for using Plum Blossom Island had doubled, and some doubted whether they could really trust the pirates’ words.

But, surprisingly, few understood that all of this meant the Four Precepts Alliance had advanced into the North.

“The pirates have occupied the river mouth.”

The slowly spinning prayer beads suddenly stopped in the hands.

The abbot’s eyes narrowed.

“… You said they occupied it?”

“Yes, abbot. To be exact, it isn’t the mouth of the river, but a new city next to it. The name hasn’t been decided yet….”

“People used to call it Plum Blossom Island.”

“Yes, right, abbot.”

The abbot tapped his lips lightly as Beop Gye quickly nodded.

“I heard just a day ago that Green Forest withdrew from Plum Blossom Island. And in just one day, the pirates took over Plum Blossom Island?”

“Mount Hua… no, didn’t the Green Forest give a warning to the Four Precepts Alliance? If not…”

“I don’t know much about that. But considering the nature of Mount Hua…”

The abbot closed his eyes.

They said that when the spirit of suspicion arose, everything became suspicious. Still, even that seemed to lose its reason for a moment. Even though everyone in the world dealt with the Four Precepts Alliance, he knew that Mount Hua alone wouldn’t do so…

“… How far have the pirates advanced by now?”

“They have crossed the river…”

Beop Gye trailed off, and the abbot’s face turned cold.

“So they crossed the river to the North.”

“Seems like it, abbot.”

“… They didn’t just cross over temporarily; they occupied it and declared it as their land.”

The abbot’s face darkened for a moment.

“Abbot, isn’t the Four Precepts Alliance declaring its advance to the North?”

The abbot shook his head and answered.

“It isn’t the Four Precepts Alliance. It must have been the pirates’ sole action.”

Beop Gye, about to ask the abbot why he thought that way, soon shut his mouth. Since the abbot, of all people, spoke with such confidence, there must be a reason for it.

“But wouldn’t it be different for others?”

The abbot didn’t answer the question either. It was because he also knew that the abbot was right.

Since the pirate was affiliated with the Four Precepts Alliance, this action would be perceived as the Four Precepts Alliance advancing into the northern region.

And since the land was in the North, it had nothing to do with the Non-aggression treaty that had been suppressing the Nine Sects.

The abbot softly gritted his teeth.

Up until now, the Nine Great Sects had been blamed for causing the Yangtze River war. Now, those who had been watching the Nine Great Sects would demand an answer regarding the incident.

They would demand to know if the reason why the Nine Great Sects refused to cross the Yangtze River was because of the treaty or because they were afraid of the Evil Sect.

And the Nine Great Sects and the Five Great Families had no choice but to respond to that demand.

‘This is something we cannot back down from.’

It didn’t matter what their will was. In order for them to be proud of being a sect that protected the Central Plains against the Evil Sects, they must punish those who invaded the North.

‘But will that punishment really end as punishment?’

If an all-out war broke out with the pirates, the Four Precepts Alliance would eventually take action. If that happened, the flames would spread in an instant.

“What an idiot… calling us out of petty greed. This fake is better than war.”

After much agony, a name came out of the abbot’s mouth.

“Hahah, Mount Hua’s Sword Saint… Mount Hua!”

The prayer beads in his hand cracked apart with a crackling sound.

All of this movement had originated from Mount Hua.

But, because of their merits in guarding Plum Blossom Island and stabilizing Hubei for the past three years, Shaolin and the Nine Great Sects couldn’t point to the Heavenly Friends Alliance.

“Send a message to the Nine Great Sects and the Five Great Families. Gather all of them at Shaolin right away.”

“The sects are in closed gates…”

“Didn’t I say all the sects!”

As the abbot’s voice grew louder, Beop Gye nodded.

After Beop Gye quickly left, the abbot glanced down at his hand. He noticed the bead cracked in his palm.

A hollow laugh escaped his lips.

“There is no such thing as a fight between two evil spirits. Hehehe. Hehehehe.”

His laughter echoed coldly across his darkened face.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.