Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Jo Gul and Yoon Jong exchanged anxious glances before turning to Baek Cheon.

“Uh, t-that one, why is he acting like that?”

Baek Cheon glanced at ‘that one’ with a look that suggested the world had lost its meaning.

The figure he hesitated to call a person was clutching a bottle of alcohol in one hand and a letter in the other, giggling like a devil. It had been going on for quite some time.

“What are you all talking about…”

“N-No. I understand that the kid has been out of his mind for more than a day or two.”

“But today, he is especially bad. Sasuk, look at that.”

Baek Cheon flinched slightly at Yoon Jong’s gesture.

Baek Ah, who rarely left Chung Myung’s side, was slowly moving away, keeping a wary eye on him.

‘It’s really cute to see the white one trembling.’

That spirit could even blow a tiger’s ear off, so one shouldn’t be fooled by its appearance. If it had a good nature, it wouldn’t say anything…

Baek Cheon turned his gaze back to Chung Myung.

It certainly seemed that his condition was seriously bad. He could almost see the illusion of Asura’s image rising up behind him.

Wasn’t it amazing that a person could exude such an ominous aura while enjoying themselves so thoroughly?

Chung Myung mumbled to himself, looking like a conman who had just struck it rich.

“Are these people trying to screw me over? It’s been such a long time, these little brats!”

Baek Cheon shook his head at those words. He probably wouldn’t listen, but he wanted to tell Chung Myung this.

If he was dealing with someone who was already not the type to listen to little brats… how upset would that little brat be when he heard that?

“Heheheheh. Uhahahaha! Heheheheh! Hahahahgk!”

“… he has gone insane.”

“He was never ordinary to start with.”

Chung Myung happily put the bottle of alcohol in his mouth. Watching the liquid move down his throat made everyone feel strangely refreshed.

“… why on earth is he doing that?”

Baek Cheon said with a soft and warm smile.

“You still don’t know him well.”

“There are only two cases where that Evil guy really likes things.”

“When he makes a lot of money, or when he really screws someone over.”

“Looking closely at his smiling face, it seems like it’s the latter this time…”

Jo Gul and Yoon Jong’s eyes began to tremble.

Baek Cheon, who was considered one of the best in understanding Chung Myung, said that it had to be true.

“Five Great Families?”

“Jang Ilso? Four Precepts Alliance?”

“N-No, maybe it was the Southern Edge?”

As they recited the names that came to mind, they realized it.

There were too many people in the world that Chung Myung wanted to mess with.

‘No, at this point, isn’t everyone in the world except for the Heavenly Friends Alliance that guy’s enemy?’

At this point, shouldn’t we seriously consider who is the cause of all this?

“Hehehe! The weather is so damn nice!”

… it was going to rain, that crazy bastard!

But regardless, Chung Myung laughed, shaking his shoulders cheerfully.

“Hehehehe. Die, all of you! All! Uhahahah!”

Words that should never come out of a Taoist’s mouth were coming out as naturally as breathing.

If that was a Taoist, then even an earthworm was considered a dragon.

“What makes you feel so good?”

In the end, Baek Cheon approached him quietly and asked, and Chung Myung turned his head.

“Ah, sasuk! Want a glass?”

“Are there any other guys in Mount Hua who drink in broad daylight besides you?”

“No, but starting today, sasuk can also have it.”

“… I will decline it.”

Baek Cheon shook his head and asked again.

“But what is happening?”

“Ah, it is nothing. It is just…”

“It looks like the Nine Great Sect, the Five Great Families, and the Four Precepts Alliance are going to have a showdown.”

“Ah, right. Then it… w-what now?”

Baek Cheon’s eyes widened, and he grabbed Chung Myung by his collar.

“W-who are they fighting with?”

“Nine Great Sect and Four Precepts Alliance.”

Baek Cheon’s face turned pale in an instant.

“Yah, you bastard! If that isn’t a big deal, then even Mount Hua collapsing wouldn’t be a big deal!”

“Ehh. I mean, it is really not a big deal. It is none of our business.”

“How does that have anything to do with us, you insane bastard!”

“It is fine. It is fine.”

Chung Myung reached out and patted Baek Cheon on the back.

“Our Dong-Ryong is being timid. We should just watch a ritual performance and eat rice cakes. Heheheheh!”

Baek Cheon let go of Chung Myung’s collar and covered his face.

He didn’t understand. Why did He have to give them a child of such chaos… why…

Baek Cheon, who seemed to be agonizing over something, slammed his palm with his fist.

“Ah, first, I should send some letters to Yunnan and the North Sea.”

“T-To the Beast Palace and the Ice Palace?”

Baek Cheon, who had been suffering, quickly raised his head and smiled brightly.

‘Yeah, even though this kid speaks harshly, he cannot just easily accept this situation. He definitely is requesting reinforcements in advance…’

“I cannot keep this good news to myself! Happiness is doubled when it is shared with others. We should laugh together! Hehehe! Because we are friends!”

The dark clouds, which had been creeping in, were getting thicker. Baek Cheon, looking up at the clouds with a sad face, was patted on the shoulder by Yoon Jong, who had approached without Baek Cheon realizing it.

Baek Cheon sniffled and pushed Yoon Jong’s hand away. Then he asked.

“Shouldn’t we also run to the Yangtze River right away?”

“If it is war, we should help too. After all, we are dealing with the Four Sects Alliance.”

Chung Myung nodded with a determined look.

“Of course! Of course, we should fight too!”

“That is true, but…”

Chung Myung’s firm face relaxed. With a face like a fully puffed-up cat, Chung Myung leaned back against the tree and slumped.

“It is a bit bothersome right now, so let us go slowly, slowly… Very slowly.”

“They fight each other enough, and after, their noses bleed enough.”

“If we are going to do it, it is better to plan a double cross and lose both of them.”

Baek Cheon looked at Chung Myung with a dumbfounded expression.

However, unlike Baek Cheon, who still had some hope for Chung Myung, Jo Gul had given up all hope. That is why he didn’t care what Chung Myung said and just figured out the situation.

“If we do this wrong, won’t it cause problems for us?”

“Think about it. We can fight the Four Precepts Alliance, but we cannot fight the Nine Sects or the Five Great Families, right?”

“Why can’t we fight? We can just beat them up clean, that is it.”

“Ah, no, no. We cannot really have a war. It is hard to just kill each other and bleed.”

Chung Myung tilted his head with wide eyes when he heard it.

And everyone who saw that scene instantly knew what was going on in his head.

‘He is thinking about doing it.’

‘He doesn’t get it.’

‘Oh, mother. I am scared of him.’

What on earth was the difference between the Evil Sect and the Justice Sect in this guy’s head?

“Th-that is right. Uh… but if war breaks out like this and the Nine Sects or Five Great Families wipe out the Four Precepts Alliance, wouldn’t we just be giving the initiative to the Nine Sects and Five Great Families without doing anything? Wouldn’t it be like a dog chasing a chicken that’s on the roof?”

When Jo Gul finished speaking, everyone looked at him in surprise.

Clap, clap, clap, clap.

Chung Myung clapped his hands as if he were impressed. Jo Gul’s shoulders slowly tensed.

“Right? I am right!”

“… Then why did you clap your hands?”

“I was impressed because I realized that now my sahyung thinks of the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families as equivalent to the Four Precepts Alliance.”

“Evil Sect-like bastard.”

Jo Gul tried to protest because he felt wronged, but it was of no use.

Except for one person.

“No, doesn’t that make sense though?”

Tears of emotion welled up in Jo Gul’s eyes. As expected, Baek Cheon was Baek Cheon. He was worthy of being the next sect leader of this era…

“Usually, what he says is just nonsense…”

No, the next sect leader of the sect had to be Yoon Jong.

“Anyway, isn’t it true that the later we get involved, the stronger the positions of the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families become? No matter how much I think about the situation, I don’t think the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families would lose to the Four Precepts Alliance.”

Even though the Four Precepts Alliance did show absurd growth over the past three years, the Nine Great Sects were the Nine Great Sects, and the Five Great Families were the Five Great Families.

If they gave it their all, no matter how strong the Four Precepts Alliance was, there was no way they would win. That was what Baek Cheon’s common sense was telling him.

Chung Myung, who had been listening, chuckled.

“Some things are wrong, and some are right, but in fact, there is no need to worry about that. The situation sasuk thinks of will not happen in the first place.”

“Because the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families will not mobilize their forces.”

Baek Cheon’s face hardened a bit.

“… What is that supposed to mean?”

“It is exactly as I said. No matter how much Shaolin talks, no one will gather around.”

“E-even when the Kangho is in crisis?”

“Right, it is a crisis. But you see.”

Chung Myung smiled wryly.

“People don’t know how to act in a hurry until they have been lit on fire. And as sasuk said, if the Nine Great Sects give it their all, they can beat the Four Precepts Alliance.”

“But would they go ahead just because you want to do it? Then their losses will be greater, and like Jo Gul sahyung said, if we win the war, our forces get weakened, and we will be pushed back by the other sects.”

“D-don’t we have things like merit to gain from it?”

“M-merit? That useless, subtle thing of giving speeches around?”

“Life is practical, practical. You bastard! This world is a place where the cheaters who earn money through usury live more affluently than soldiers who have served on the battlefield and returned!”

“T-that does hold truth, but…”

“Even if all the Kangho fought together, they would have won, and even when the Demonic Sect invaded, they were the ones who slowly backed out for their own gain. What? Four Precepts Alliance?”

“Oh my. You really fought so hard.”

Cold sweat broke out on Baek Cheon’s forehead at that.

“So does that mean the Four Precepts Alliance will win?”

“What difference do you think that would make? If Jang Ilso beat the drums and horns, the other leaders of the Shenzhou Five Sects would have applauded from behind. They would not have quickly stepped forward, fought, and then suddenly died.”

Baek Cheon was speechless.

The fight between the Nine Great Sects and the Four Precepts Alliance that he imagined was not like this. He thought it would be a fierce battle between Justice and Evil…

Wasn’t this a battle of wits?

“What kind of war is….”

Chung Myung snorted.

“What kind of war is this? War is always like this. They leave a few lines in history to make it seem like things went down fine. If they had recorded everything that happened, all the warriors around would have died young from anxiety.”

Baek Cheon thought that Chung Myung wasn’t normal. That was because all his nonsense sounded plausible.

“Sasuk, that is why we…”

Chung Myung, who had taken a quick sip of alcohol, chuckled again.

“I said we can just watch those guys’ heads explode while drinking, hehehe. Thinking about the blood on the bald head of the Great King, it feels like everything I did three years ago will end up getting digested all at once! Hehehehe!”

Chung Myung watched from afar and grabbed Baek Ah, who was about to run away. Then, looking at its small face, he burst into laughter.

Baek Cheon let out a deep sigh, feeling fed up. He realized once again that he had returned to Mount Hua.

He would rather die than suffer.

He would rather die and suffer….

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.