Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The abbot quietly observed those seated before him.

Neung Sam of the Gentle Crow Beggars was attending in place of the Beggars Union leader. The Kongtong Sect’s leader, Demon Hunter Hermit, Jong Ri-Hyung, was present. Also in attendance was Peng Yeop, the head of the Hubei Peng family, known as the Lightning Sword Blade.

All of them were esteemed figures.

However, considering that the abbot of the great Shaolin had personally invited them, a gathering of only three seemed rather insufficient, no matter how formidable each individual was.

Even with the anticipated arrival of Kunlun, delayed by distance, the total would be just four. Including the Zhuge family, whose intentions remained unclear, the number would only rise to five.

If Shaolin’s reputation still loomed as large as the Big Dipper in the martial world, at least ten or more sect leaders would have assembled here.

The abbot’s anger simmered, his heart ablaze, yet he did not reveal his true feelings to those present.

To avoid showing weakness?

No, that wasn’t the reason.

He didn’t need to express his true feelings because they were already apparent to those gathered there.

“Is no one else coming?”

At that moment, Neung Sam asked unexpectedly. The abbot replied with a broad smile.

“The sect leader of Kunlun is on his way. The Zhuge family head has also confirmed his attendance.”

“Zhuge and Kunlun… so the others are not coming?”

“We haven’t received a definite response from them yet.”

The abbot shot a sharp glance at Neung Sam as he gave his brief reply.

It was the Beggars Union, not another sect. Those who could fill this place with their intelligence network must have known these were all who would gather. Yet, Neung Sam insisted on highlighting this fact to provoke the abbot.

“The abbot mentioned the need for discussion, so we came here… but can we have a meaningful discussion with just us?”

The abbot endeavored to maintain a gentle smile.

“Those who were involved in the discussion will accept the decision here, so it will not be a big problem.”

“That would be great, but… how do I tell our leader about this?”

Instead of answering, the abbot quietly rolled the prayer beads in his hand. It was one of his habits when he was angry.

Though in truth, he was more frustrated than angry at the moment.

How many years ago was it that Shaolin held the Worldly Murim Tournament? At that time, no one doubted that Shaolin was the best in the world.

Back then, not just the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families, but the leaders of all strong sects from around the world visited Shaolin and wanted to make friends with them. But in just a few years, the situation had changed so much.

“Those who didn’t come, that is fine. There is no use looking for those who aren’t here! The more people there are, the more they talk.”

Peng Yeop spoke in a cold voice.

The abbot looked at him in a new light. Judging people by their appearance was a bad habit, but whenever he saw Peng Yeop, he was reminded of his dislike of the Hubei Peng family.

Those with the Peng family name were famous for their large bodies. That large body was an advantage in training in martial arts, which was why the Hubei Peng family was able to establish itself as a martial sect.

But Peng Yeop’s body wasn’t large; it was smaller than the abbot’s.

This was why Peng Yeop felt sharp rather than fierce, like a swordsman with a swift nature.

Peng Yeop stared at the abbot with his sharp eyes and asked.

“What are you going to do, abbot? You don’t plan on leaving them like that, do you?”

He did inherit the Peng family’s impatient temperament because he asked the main point right away.

“We gathered here to discuss that thing…”

“If you delay it, it will be too late. Even at this moment, the Four Precepts Alliance might be rushing into the northern river lands. If we give them time, the situation will become more difficult.”

However, the content of his words was correct. The abbot thought so, too.

It seemed there was someone else with a different opinion.

“You shouldn’t consider it so hastily.”

Jong Ri-Hyung, the sect leader of the Kongtong sect, quietly added.

“The enemy is the Four Precepts Alliance. They are not people to be underestimated.”

“I know that too, but…”

“What worries me the most is that there is no guarantee the other Nine Sects will provide timely support. If the news spreads, we will have no choice but to join the fight, but the damage could be severe before we can fully assemble our forces.”

“But we cannot just leave the issue alone, right?”

“We might end up interfering with the natural course of events. At best, aren’t they just stationed at the mouth of the Yangtze River?”

Upon hearing that, Peng Yeop coldly responded.

“The mouth of the Yangtze River, sect leader? That is the Northern Lands.”

“Is there a law that says the Four Precepts Alliance cannot set foot in the Northern Lands?”

Jong Ri-Hyung shook his head with a cold expression.

“Because of the Non-Aggression Treaty, we feel like the land is divided between us and the Four Precepts Alliance, but to begin with, we didn’t prevent the Evil Sect from entering the Northern Lands. So why are we bringing up this topic now?”

Neung Sam of the Beggars Union, who had been listening quietly, snickered.

“The sect leader’s words are indeed true, but the problem is that the people do not think that way.”

“The people you say…”

“But we cannot go to the Southern lands, and we cannot declare that it is okay for those Evil Sect people to set foot into the Northern Lands, right?”

This time, even Jong Ri-Hyung couldn’t really refute.

“The justification is true, but the problem is the reality, abbot.”

Neung Sam’s gaze turned to the abbot this time.

“You have to be honest. I will have risked my life there with 100,000 people.”

“If we take the lead, will the Nine Great Sects or Five Great Families really come to support us in time?”

The abbot couldn’t answer easily. It was embarrassing to tell the truth, and he couldn’t tell a lie as a Buddhist.

Neung Sam clicked his tongue. It wasn’t something he should do in front of Shaolin’s abbot, but now, no one was going to bring it up.

“Then, I will ask you another question.”

“Does Shaolin really intend to take the lead in this matter?”

“Even if the other sects don’t support you, do you intend to lead the sects there and fight against the Four Precepts Alliance by staying at the forefront?”

The abbot’s words trailed off, though. His tongue didn’t move as he wanted.

Because once he said those words, there was no turning back.

Now he realized how much weight those seemingly insignificant words, those words he had casually used, held.

Neung Sam, who was watching, clicked his tongue inside.

It wasn’t that there was no way out yet. If Shaolin fought ferociously against the Four Precepts Alliance before anyone else, the other sects who were watching would have no choice but to move.

They would be afraid of the criticism of the world, and if Shaolin won the battle against the Four Precepts Alliance while preserving their power, there would be no way to stop the dominance of Shaolin.

Still, the abbot couldn’t bring himself to draw the sword.

‘What are you so afraid of?’

If it were the abbot who he saw at the Worldly Murim Tournament, he would have nodded his head, saying it was expected. However, the abbot stopped nodding. It meant that something was weighing on his mind.

‘Leading doesn’t mean pointing a finger from behind, but standing in front and running first.’

If Shaolin had forgotten that fact, there was no other way.

“Then I think we have concluded.”

“Just give up the Yangtze River and hold it back so it doesn’t go up any further.”

“Gentle Crow Beggar. That is impossible.”

Peng Yeop immediately refused. However, Neung Sam stubbornly shook his head.

“Lord. I am an elder of the Beggars Union. This means that I am not the sect leader.”

“… I did not mean to ignore you.”

“That is not what I meant. I mean, I am not the sect leader who is responsible for everyone, so I can say what I want to say. I do not need to save face here.”

“If we touch the river now, there will definitely be a war.”

“Why? Wouldn’t they retreat?”

“The Black Dragon King would do that. But would Jang Ilso do that?”

When the name Jang Ilso came up, Peng Yeop shut his mouth.

The reputation of the Hegemony Lord, Jang Ilso, was deeply hurtful even for the sects that didn’t participate in the Yangtze River war.

Furthermore, Jang Ilso was a person who possessed both the perfect plan to trap his opponents in a conspiracy and a terrifying determination to the point of frightening others. Just hearing his name made everyone feel uneasy.

“If Jang Ilso knew that just a few sects were coming to handle the river, he would definitely try to take advantage of that gap. Do we really need to expose our weakness?”

A large crack had formed in the Nine Great Sects. This meant that they could not reveal that crack to Jang Ilso. If they just step back and pretend to watch, it would be difficult for them to understand the situation fully.

Even though he completely understood what was being said, Peng Yeop exploded with anger.

“What on earth are the other sects thinking? Isn’t this a matter of dealing with the Four Precepts Alliance? It wouldn’t be enough even if everyone here were to fight, taking the lead!”

A deep look of concern appeared on the abbot’s face.

“What is the point of saying anything now?”

He took a deep breath and looked at Neung Sam.

“I want to ask you something.”

After a brief pause, the abbot spoke.

“If the Heavenly Friends Alliance were to participate in the war, would the Beggars Union be willing to fight alongside Shaolin?”

“…Heavenly Friends Alliance, you say?”

“Since the Ice Palace and Beast Palace wouldn’t be able to reach the Central Plains, you are talking about Mount Hua and the Tang family, right?”

“I haven’t received their answer yet, but I have contacted the leader of the Heavenly Friends Alliance. It isn’t impossible.”

“It is possible then…”

Neung Sam frowned and thought for a moment.

The thing he had the hardest time predicting was the movements of the Heavenly Friends Alliance, especially Mount Hua. That strange sect was a place where one couldn’t guess where they were heading.

Common sense told you that an eclectic group like the Heavenly Friends Alliance, which wasn’t connected to Hubei or Hunan, would have no reason to join in.

‘Isn’t it Mount Hua?’

Since they had a deep grudge against the Evil Sect, they might take this chance to sweep away the Four Precepts Alliance. Since it was an unpredictable sect, they could not consider the possibility as impossible.

“If the Heavenly Friends Alliance steps ahead, the situation will definitely change. Then there is a reason just to watch the enemies. The Tang family will surely join.”

The abbot nodded quietly.

“Then I guess we will have to wait for the answer from the Heavenly Friends Alliance.”

“If the abbot wants to confront them… you have to either change the minds of the other Nine Great Sects who have withdrawn or bring the Heavenly Friends Alliance in, or you might have to do both.”

The abbot softly prayed.

‘In the end, it is the Heavenly Friends Alliance.’

It was almost impossible to change the minds of the sects that hadn’t come. In the end, what Neung Sam said just now was the same as saying that they would somehow get the Heavenly Friends Alliance in.

He sighed at the thought that he might have to appeal to the Heavenly Friends and Mount Hua again. But on the other hand, he also felt a sense of relief.

At least this meant that he didn’t have to decide the fate of Shaolin right then. For him, waiting for the Heavenly Friends Alliance’s answer and even the time he wasted on going to appeal to them was fortunate.

Unfortunately, things in this world don’t always go as planned.

At that moment, the door opened violently with one person rushing in.

The face of the abbot twisted.

“This is where the sect leaders are. How dare you act this rashly!”

“W-we are in trouble! Abbot!”

However, the face of Beop Gye turned gravely shocked. The moment the abbot saw that expression, he could instinctively feel something had happened.

“What is happening?”

The words of Beop Gye continued.

The abbot’s face turned pale in an instant.

“Why, why now! WHY!”

A scream burst out of his mouth.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.