Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

When the Namgung family boarded the ship anchored at the dock and headed to Plum Blossom Island, the merchants cheered and jumped for joy at the sight.

“Those damned pirates! They thought this was their world!”

Under the Black Dragon King’s orders, the pirates did not harm any merchants. However, that did not mean that the grudges against them, who had been harassing them for decades, would all be resolved.

Actually, it was refreshing to see the pirates suffer, but there was another reason why they were excited and thrilled. It was because of the Namgung family that the fear of consecutive defeats disappeared.

In the past, the Evil Faction, which had not paid much attention to them, organized the Four Precepts Alliance and pushed the Nine Great Sects into the pit of defeat, even forcing them to stay in the Northern Land.

The fear that the Northern Land would really fall into their hands if it continued was certain. The fear that they might have to live their whole lives watching those pirates was instantly dispelled by this one victory.

“Then that is right! There is no way the Nine Great Sects would tolerate it!”

“You! You bastard talking about the Nine Great Sects! The Namgung family is the best in the Five Great Families!”

“Ah! That is right!”

The hearts of the people who saw the Namgung family’s ships advancing on Plum Blossom Island swelled. The sight of the Justice Sects slaughtering the Evil Sects in one breath and protecting them was exactly what they had been hoping for over the past three years.

The Namgung family was also the sect responsible for the shame of the Yangtze River war, but that ill feeling no longer remained in the hearts of those present.

“But… is it alright to go that far? After all, it is an island.”

“What nonsense! Don’t you know what the Namgung Family is thinking? They all have their own thoughts; that’s why they are doing this!”

“Right. It has to be so?”

The merchant’s eyes lit up with hope as they watched the ship move ahead majestically.

“Proceed at full speed!”

Namgung Hwang, standing on the deck, shouted in a loud voice.

“Don’t give the pirates a chance to prepare their position. We will quickly take down the pirates while they are drowning like rats!”

At that moment, Namgung Myung, who was looking around with a worried expression, urgently said,

“There are too many of them! It can be dangerous even if we proceed cautiously! Please slow down!”

“Do we really have to be vigilant against those insignificant pirates?”

“If you let your guard down because they are insignificant, you might end up making mistakes. Is it difficult to be vigilant against them? Or is it difficult to restore the honor of the Namgung family that will fall due to a momentary mistake?”

Namgung Hwang glared at Namgung Myung as if he were enraged.

But this time, Namgung Myung didn’t back down. Namgung Hwang, who had been glaring at Namgung Myung, slowly nodded.

“Slow down! We will proceed cautiously so that the ship does not get damaged! The Blue Sky Swordsmen are on guard against the water! Some of you jump into the water to block the pirates from approaching the ship!”

The Blue Sky Swordsmen loudly reported, and some of them jumped into the water without hesitation.

Namgung Myung bowed. Namgung Hwang clicked his tongue as he watched.

“Blue Sky troops leader!”

Then he nodded and said,

“Do not stop those harsh words.”

“And don’t bow your head so carelessly. The Blue Sky troops leader is in a position to speak directly to the Lord. This is not something to be thankful for!”

Namgung Myung’s face brightened.

This was why he had no choice but to follow Namgung Hwang. It was true that he was more reckless than anyone else, but that didn’t mean he was a tyrant.

Namgung Hwang was always open to hearing reasonable and rational words.

If something was lacking, he could fill it, and Namgung Do-wei could fill it, too. Wasn’t that what a family and a household were for?

At that moment, Namgung Do-wei looked around the front and said,

“There are cannons installed on the island. I heard that the place called Plum Blossom Island is armed with the White Thunder Cannons that the White Thunder Clan used in the past.”

“White Thunder Cannons, ah.”

Namgung Hwang snorted.

“They would be helpful if there were a war between the pirates. But there is no way the cannons could reach the ships when I am guarding it!”

He continued, glaring sharply at the island.

“The only ones we need to watch out for are the Black Dragon King and the Black Dragon Pirates. If they are not on Plum Blossom Island, those pirates won’t be able to stop the Namgung family. No, even if they are, it is the same!”

What Namgung Hwang wanted wasn’t to reclaim the Northern Island.

What he truly wanted was to completely seize Plum Blossom Island and create an image of aiming a dagger at the pirates’ throats. He wanted them to experience the exact same emotions he felt when he heard that Plum Blossom Island had been taken over by the pirates.

‘There is just about one month left until the three years end.’

If that deadline passed, the Namgung family would advance to the South without looking back, to punish all of those in the Evil Four Precepts Alliance.

“What’s the situation now?”

“The pirates are not moving.”

“They say that even from under the river, no one is approaching.”

“Huh. But they don’t seem to be that many!”

Namgung Hwang smiled, the corners of his lips twisting.

The water skills that the pirates have learned were clearly effective underwater. However, even so, they could not completely overcome the gap in their skills.

If two individuals with the same skill, one trained in water techniques and the other not, were to fight underwater, the outcome would be obvious. However, the prowess of the Blue Sky Swordsmen could not be compared to those poorly trained in water skills.

That fact had already been proven three years ago.

Namgung Hwang’s face grew tense as he recalled the events from three years prior.

“Blue Sky Troops leader!”

“Keep a vigilant watch on your surroundings! The pirates are setting up camp at a distance and could encircle us once we land on the island!”

“After we land on Plum Blossom Island, some of you will remain on the ship and wait! If any trouble arises, you can escape immediately!”

The bitter wound from three years ago taught Namgung Hwang the importance of caution. Yet, it also meant that the wound inflicted by Jang Ilso was still causing him vivid pain.

‘Black Dragon King! Jang Ilso!’

Namgung Hwang gritted his teeth.

He couldn’t escape the pain that occasionally gnawed at his bones. It wouldn’t be resolved unless he severed the head of the Black Dragon King, ground down Jang Ilso, and drank his blood.

“I will destroy them in one swift move!”

As the ship came within sight of Plum Blossom Island.

The White Thunder Cannon fired at the ship Namgung Hwang was on. The shells, with power far beyond ordinary cannons, flew as if they intended to obliterate the ship in a single strike.

“They are flaunting their skills!”

Namgung Hwang, leaping swiftly, swung his sword like a beam of light. The white sword qi shot out, striking the flying cannonballs and altering their trajectory.

A massive column of water erupted where the shell landed. The spreading white foam resembled fireworks.

“No need to be afraid! Advance!”

The Blue Sky Swordsmen, full of spirit, shouted at the sight.

The White Thunder Cannons continued to fire, but the shells couldn’t evade Namgung Hwang’s sword. Namgung Hwang’s eyes widened for a moment as he deflected all the flying shells.

His sword immediately emitted sword qi.

The sword, which cut through the turbulent waters, immediately struck the White Thunder cannons installed on the riverside of Plum Blossom Island.

Not only the cannon but also the pirates who had gathered to fire it were knocked out in an instant.

“Blue Sky Sword troops! Land!”

“Lord! There is still some distance!”

“We must attack when the chance is here! In case of any emergency, the Blue Sky troops leader must stay on the ship and secure a retreat route!”

“Lead the Blue Sky Sword troops and follow me! I will charge in one breath!”

Namgung Hwang kicked off the bow and jumped into the water.

As soon as his feet touched the water, he kicked again and advanced.

He crossed the waters.

His great agility and footwork made his huge body and the fierce sword seem insignificant. It was enough to make one wonder if he was not kicking water, but solid ground.

The pirates were lost in thought and panicked at the sight of Namgung Hwang running across the water.

It was an extreme sight, demonstrating the influence a single great warrior could have on a battlefield.

Namgung Hwang kicked the water again and jumped, landing on the ground of Plum Blossom Island as if a shell had fallen. The pirates couldn’t run away and froze, staring blankly at the warrior in front of them.

Namgung Hwang stared at the pirates with his sword hanging down. There was a killing intent in his eyes, suggesting he could tear them apart at any moment, but he didn’t move.

Perhaps it was just an act that gave the pirates a chance to prepare. However, Namgung Hwang’s actions definitely had a clear effect.

The fact that the pirates were losing their will to resist as if they were scared, was proof of this.

Namgung Hwang’s booming voice spread through Plum Blossom Island.

“From this moment on, no one who sets foot on the island and holds out will survive. This is the last mercy I give to you, who only take orders! Get off this island now!”

At that moment, the Blue Sky Sword troops, who had jumped off the ship following Namgung Hwang, set foot on Plum Blossom Island, led by Namgung Do-wei. The sight of the Blue Sky Sword troops lined up behind Namgung Hwang, cutting through the waves of the river, was majestic to witness.

“The warning is done! Kill the pirates! Leave no one on the island except those who use Namgung’s name!”

Mountain Severing Sword, Namgung Do-wei, took the lead and charged. The moment the Blue Sky Sword troops, who had all drawn their swords, followed him, the sanity of the pirates, which had barely held on until then, broke.

“T-this is a dog’s death now!”

“J-Jump into the water!”

They didn’t even think about fighting back and started to run away, turning their backs.

“Stop! You bastards! Will you not stop right now! How can the warriors of the pirates turn their backs in front of the enemy! You people are worse than thugs! Stop right now!”

Yeo Dal shouted in anger until blood rushed to his throat, but his voice didn’t seem to reach the ears of the pirates.

This was perhaps natural. No matter how much he was the guardian of the Yangtze River pirates, he was ultimately no different from a firefly in front of the sun compared to the Emperor’s Sword, Namgung Hwang.

There was no way a pirate would trust him and fight against Namgung Hwang. It was a path that couldn’t be chosen without losing one’s sanity.

Yeo Dal’s eyes trembled as if he were shocked.

If even this place were taken, the Black Dragon King would surely tear him to pieces. However, if he held out now, he would surely be torn to pieces by Namgung Hwang’s hands and not the Black Dragon King’s.

He had no choice but to choose between a quick death and a slightly slower one. It was natural that he couldn’t move easily.

“Namgung Hwang! Namgung HWANNGG! Do you know what you are doing?”

Unable to choose anything, Yeo Dal vented his anger at Namgung Hwang.

“The Black Dragon King will be enraged! He will be very angry. Do you realize what that means? Your actions will stain this river with blood….”

At that moment, Namgung Hwang flew over in one breath and swung his sword over Yeo Dal’s head.

Yeo Dal fell, spraying blood.

If he were his usual self, even if the opponent was Namgung Hwang, he wouldn’t have fallen to the ground like that. But his will to fight had already been broken, and he couldn’t even properly fight back, let alone defend himself.

“The Black Dragon King’s rage?”

Namgung Hwang approached Yeo Dal, who was squirming, gritting his teeth.

“You should have thought about handling my anger before that! I have been angry for three years now.”

Yeo Dal’s eyes were bloodshot.

“The Hegemony Lord will definitely take your head. You shouldn’t have done something like…”

Yeo Dal’s head eventually rolled to the ground.

“Just keep talking. If you can, that is.”

Namgung Hwang, who had cut off Yeo Dal’s head in one breath, raised his head without regret and looked around Plum Blossom Island.

The anger of the Black Dragon King? That was exactly what he had hoped for.

“It doesn’t matter who the opponent is. Those Evil Sect bastards will now tremble at the mere name of the Namgung family!”

That day, the Blue Sky Namgung Family drove out the pirates and completely occupied Plum Blossom Island.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.