Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The Abbot of Shaolin bowed his head. The sight made even the disciples of Mount Hua, who were watching, remain silent.

‘The abbot of Shaolin…’

To Mt. Hua’s sect leader.

Perhaps this was a moment to feel pride. Only a few years ago, Mount Hua had nearly collapsed, with its pavilions almost taken away. It was incredible that Hyun Jong, once merely the leader of a third-rate sect, had risen to a position where the Abbot of Shaolin bowed to him in just a few years.

Yet, no one felt pride. They were simply shocked and astonished by this unbelievable situation.

“Don’t do this, Abbot. I don’t know how to respond.”

The Abbot firmly grasped Hyun Jong’s hand as he tried to raise him.

“I will not deny that Shaolin committed a wrong against Mount Hua. No matter how much we lacked resources, if Mount Hua was under Closed Gates, we should have dealt with the Evil Sect moving to Shaanxi.”

“Please forgive me for not doing so.”

“… How can you call that a mistake?”

A faint groan escaped Hyun Jong’s lips.

Shaolin and Mount Hua had harbored ill feelings for a long time. The decisive incident was the one the Abbot mentioned. Until then, it could be seen as a difference in position, but this incident held malice.

If Shaolin had considered Mount Hua allies, this would never have happened.

Yet, the Abbot mentioned it and bowed his head. If someone of the highest position, like the Abbot of Shaolin, acted so humbly, even Hyun Jong had no choice.

If Hyun Jong chose to be stubborn at that moment, those hearing of the incident without knowing the circumstances would criticize him.

It was easy to speak. The logic behind it was simple.

However, how easy would it be for the Abbot of Shaolin, the leading light of Kangho, to bow to someone? It wouldn’t be easy to simply bow, so how could it be possible to repent for a mistake by bowing to the floor?

It was an unimaginable blow. Even if the one who was hit weren’t the gentle Hyun Jong, there would be no other way to respond for anyone in that situation.

“Mount Hua doesn’t blame Shaolin. We know that Shaolin was working tirelessly day and night for the stability of Hunan, so how can we blame Shaolin?”

“… Alliance leader.”

“But… it is sad and regrettable that there are those who have fallen victim to the Evil Sect people.”

Hyun Jong let out a deep sigh.

“So please don’t do this, Abbot. I cannot accept this.”

The Abbot nodded and sat up again. Only then did Hyun Jong let go of the Abbot’s hand and sit back in his place.

At that moment, Un Am came in with a tea set.

Hyun Jong accepted the tea set, which Un Am offered with a feeling of satisfaction.

“It seems like the order has changed a little, but I will serve you tea.”

“Tea from the world’s Heavenly Friends Alliance leader, what greater luxury than this?”

“… I am grateful that you think so.”

Hyun Jong began to make the tea with a slightly pale look. His surprised heart felt a little calmer as he held the teapot.

“Thank you, alliance leader.”

The Abbot took a sip of the tea that Hyun Jong offered and smiled broadly.

“The plum tea from Mount Hua is truly the best. It seems to be superior to any tea I have ever had.”

“It is just that I couldn’t find good tea leaves like other places, so I just dried the plums which were scattered all over the mountain. How can it be compared to the famous teas around the world?”

“If it has its unique characteristics, how could it be lacking compared to the rare ones?”

The atmosphere relaxed a little.

However, those who were quick-witted knew that the Abbot was in control and leading the situation.

‘Indeed, the abbot of Shaolin…’

He didn’t particularly dominate or show off his status. He didn’t pressure anyone around, either. Nevertheless, everyone in the room couldn’t take their eyes off the Abbot’s every single move.

The Abbot carefully put down the teacup in his hand.

“As I said, the situation in the Yangtze River isn’t good.”

“The Namgung family has occupied Plum Blossom Island on their own. There is no way that the Four Sects Alliance would tolerate the Namgung family’s presence there, pointing a sword at them right in front of their land.”

“Would the situation be that risky? In fact, that island named Plum Blossom Island…”

“Yes. Mount Hua definitely occupied that island.”

Hyun Jong nodded at that. Despite that, there had been no particular problem for three years.

“But Mount Hua and the Namgung family are different places. Mount Hua had no intention of attacking the Southern Lands, but the Namgung family is definitely provoking them.”

What should have been said originally was that the Four Precepts Alliance treated the Nine Great Sects and Heavenly Friends Alliance differently.

But the Abbot did not dare to speak those words. This wasn’t a good thing for him or Mount Hua.

“The Black Dragon King who was attacked would not let it go. And… the Hegemony Lord he will definitely move. If the two main forces of the Four Precepts Alliance move, the entire Four Precepts Alliance will eventually move.”

The Abbot kept his mouth shut for a moment and looked around at the people around him. The eyes looking at each person were firm.

“If that happens, the innocent people will be those who suffer in the end.”

“I am ashamed to say this, but right now, the Nine Great Sects are not enough to control the Four Precepts Alliance. So, Alliance leader, please lend me your strength. If the Heavenly Friends Alliance joins us, the Four Precepts Alliance wouldn’t dare invade the Northern Lands easily.”

Hyun Jong frowned slightly and sank into deep thought. The word’ innocent people’ was on his mind.

He knew that Shaolin hadn’t yet revealed its true feelings. And Hyun Jong couldn’t reveal all of his true feelings to them either.

However, no matter what his hidden feelings were, Shaolin now couldn’t control the Four Precepts Alliance on its own. The damage would definitely fall on the people, not Shaolin. This was an undeniable fact.

Hyun Jong opened his mouth, which was too heavy to open.

“What I cannot get myself to understand is…”

“Is it really difficult to deal with the Four Precepts Alliance with the power of the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families?”

This time, the Abbot closed his eyes for a moment.

It was something he didn’t want to say, but hiding that didn’t feel like the best option.

Hyun Jong didn’t ask more questions. He had already heard it from Chung Myung.

‘What should we do about this?’

The situation was simple. Right now, the sects that followed Shaolin alone could not stop the Four Precepts Alliance from heading north to the Yangtze River.

The sects in Sichuan and the Northern Part of Central Plains did not want to fight and shed blood in a place that wasn’t theirs.

If the Four Precepts Alliance was really so strong that they couldn’t even touch it, they could have united as one for a show of force. But the problem was that the Four Precepts Alliance wasn’t strong enough to make everyone risk their lives.

Hyun Jong also had no desire to fight alongside Shaolin. Besides, dealing with the Four Precepts Alliance was something that had to be done.

However, everything involved a sacrifice. If others did not step forward, why would Mount Hua take the lead?

Right. If it wasn’t for the innocent people.

As Hyun Jong’s concerns deepened, the Abbot spoke again.

“It isn’t for the sake of the Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families. Please consider the people of the world who will suffer if war breaks out. The alliance leader must…”

“People of the world?”

At that moment, an odd voice interjected.

The Abbot opened his eyes, which had been tightly shut. He knew that from now on, it was the real deal.

“Right, the people of the world.”

“Ah. Shaolin is surely different. You know how to bow your head for all the people of the world. To be honest, I was a little shocked.”

Chung Myung smiled and looked at the Abbot. However, everyone there, including the Abbot, knew.

That smile was not genuine.

As expected, Chung Myung’s smile turned into a crooked sneer.

“Don’t you think the situation is a bit ridiculous to believe such things?”

“… What do you mean?”

“In my opinion, it seems like you are the one who wants war to happen.”

Baek Cheon was surprised by Chung Myung’s words and snapped. Even to him, this was a statement that crossed the line.

The face of the Abbot, who maintained a gentle expression, hardened slightly.

“Can I ask why you think that?”

“It is simple. What should we do to prevent the people from being harmed?”

“… We need to stop the Four Precepts Alliance.”

Chung Myung shook his head.

“What we have to stop is not the Four Precepts Alliance, but the war. The people aren’t suffering just because the Four Precepts Alliance exists. At least in the Northern Lands.”

“If you don’t plan on pushing into the Southern lands, the best way to protect the people is to not start a war. But you, Abbot, are only thinking about fighting and winning. Am I right?”

“They want a war, so how can I stop them?”

“Surely you are not asking that because you don’t know the answer, right, Abbot?”

Chung Myung’s chuckle grew deeper.

“If you really wanted to stop the war, you shouldn’t have rushed here. Instead, you should have gone to the Yangtze River, beaten Namgung Hwang, and dragged the Namgung family out of Plum Blossom Island.”

“If the Namgung family is satisfied with recovering the Northern land and doesn’t attack Plum Blossom Island, it won’t be a situation where one points a knife at your neck, as the Abbot mentioned. Even though the pirates were humiliated, if Plum Blossom Island is given up, they wouldn’t be able to start a war alone.”

The Abbot looked at Chung Myung with a blank expression.

“Well, I know. If that happens, Shaolin will be cursed. The Namgung family gave the land they recovered to the pirates, Shaolin is afraid of the Four Precepts Alliance and avoids fighting, Shaolin’s Abbot is a coward….”

Chung Myung shrugged his shoulders after pausing for a moment.

“In place of being cursed, Shaolin gets to save people.”

The Abbot’s body trembled slightly. Chung Myung’s last words stabbed him sharply.

“Why? You didn’t even think of that, did you?”

The Abbot couldn’t answer. It was clear that this method had not been considered. No, it had not even existed in his mind from the start.

The reason flowed out of Chung Myung’s mouth.

“Well, of course, you hadn’t thought of it. In the Abbot’s mind, Shaolin comes first before anything else in the world. He would never have thought about Shaolin getting cursed for trying to clean up the mess the Namgung family had made. And you couldn’t stand to give out the impression that Shaolin was afraid of the Four Precepts Alliance.”

“No, well… I am not trying to criticize you. Of course, you could. Honestly, it isn’t very pleasant. I know it must be unfair to the Abbot. It wasn’t your fault. I completely understand it. But…”

A cold gaze fell on the Abbot’s face.

Soon, Chung Myung’s lips twisted, revealing his teeth.

“Then at least you shouldn’t have pretended to care about the people by saying things like, ‘What about the people? What about the innocent people of the world?’ You hypocrite.”

The Abbot eventually closed his eyes tightly.

But there was no way to block the voice coming through his pierced ears.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.