Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

“There is nothing wrong with the guards!”

Namgung Myung nodded his head repeatedly. Namgung Do-Wei, who was following him as if guarding, observed the condition of those on duty with sharp eyes.

“No matter how excessive the guarding is, it isn’t too much. Do your best not to miss even the smallest thing.”

Namgung Myung nodded lightly and moved to the next area with Namgung Do-Wei.

“What do you think, young lord?”

Namgung Do-Wei looked back at Plum Blossom Island with renewed eyes and said.

“It is fortunate that the island isn’t that big. If it remains like this, even if the pirates do invade, it will not be difficult to defend.”

“I was thinking the same.”

The people guarding Plum Blossom Island were not just the Blue Sky Swordsmen. Other armed forces, following the orders of Namgung Hwang, had also joined in. Even if they couldn’t, eight-tenths of the Namgung family’s forces were gathered on Plum Blossom Island.

With that much strength, it would be more than enough to fight against the pirates of the Yangtze River.

“The fact that the island is narrow will actually be an advantage for us.”

“It would be difficult for the pirates, who rely on numbers rather than the skills of warriors, to demonstrate their strength here, right?”

Namgung Myung smiled, pleased with the answer.

His nephew, who would later become the head of the Namgung family, was truly worthy of being called a genius. He wasn’t just excellent in martial arts but also had an eye for reading situations.

“You learned well from my brother.”

“To become a great warrior, it is enough to work hard and diligently. However, that alone isn’t enough for someone to lead the family; you have to be more daring and know how to foresee a situation.”

“I always think about it.”

Namgung Myung nodded at that.

‘I should thank Mount Hua’s Sword Saint for this.’

In the past, Namgung Do-Wei often showed arrogance, which worried Namgung Myung. It was inevitable because of the Namgung family’s nature and the influence of his father, but being confident and arrogant was never the same.

Fortunately, after losing to Mount Hua’s Sword Saint, he realized his own shortcomings. He also transformed into a completely different person after experiencing the Yangtze River War.

If he continued to gain experience like this, he might become the head of the family and surpass Namgung Hwang.

‘It won’t be easy, though.’

People like Namgung Hwang cannot be made by teaching them skills. They must have a natural talent for it.

“Do you know the Lord has decided to occupy this land?”

“… I am not sure about that part, uncle.”

Namgung Do-Wei looked around with a slightly trembling face. The dark, dark river conveyed a sense of anxiety to him.

“It is true that we have an unforgivable grudge with the pirates. But, I do not understand why we must confront the pirates alone. Didn’t the Namgung family clearly inform the world of our intentions?”

Namgung Myung quietly nodded.

“If we occupy this Plum Blossom Island, we will eventually become a sticking-out awl. If we hesitate, we might end up facing not just the pirates but also the Four Precepts Alliance alone.”

“I think the same. No matter how much I think about it, the loss outweighs the gains.”

“Yes. That is the right thought. But, that is the thought of ordinary people like us.”

Namgung Myung grinned.

“The Lord must be thinking the same thing. Nevertheless, there is another reason why the Lord chose this difficult path.”

“Can I ask what that is?”

“If we back down here, we will end up just being another sect who follows Shaolin’s orders.”

Namgung Do-Wei’s face hardened at the unexpected answer.

“The Five Great Families. It is really a fancy name. But the people of the world think of the Five Great Families as something that belongs to the Nine Great Sects.”

“That is the reality. When the pirates took control of the situation, did the people of the Nine Great Sects think of us? Or did they think of Shaolin and the Nine Great Sects?”

Namgung Do-wei couldn’t answer. No, there was no need to answer.

“That is why the Lord took a risk. The current situation of the Five Great Families isn’t so good. It is because the Tang family, which formed the backbone, has distanced itself from us.”

“What would happen if we acted according to the will of Shaolin at a time like this? We would probably never escape the name of the Nine Great Sects.”

Only then did Namgung Do-Wei nod.

Thinking about the situation like this, it felt good.

The news that the other Nine Great Sects and Five Great Families responded lukewarmly to the call of Shaolin had reached the Yangtze River. Now, the influence of Shaolin and the Five Great Families was lower than ever. So, if not now, when else would they attempt something like this?

“The Lord wants the Five Great Families and the Namgung family to be famous, not the Nine Great Sects and Shaolin. He is willing to take some risks for that.”

“But that is not all.”

Namgung Myung, who was urging his feet, stopped in his tracks and looked back at Namgung Do-Wei. Namgung Do-Wei spoke with a confident face.

“There must be that reason, but Father is not the type of person to do something for that reason alone. I believe that there is a spirit of harmony within him.”

A pleased smile formed on Namgung Myung’s lips.

“You are saying the obvious thing. Of course, that is the first thing.”

“If we don’t do what we shouldn’t do and continue to do what we should do, won’t fame naturally follow? Like… Mount Hua.”

Namgung Myung nodded.

“Yes. That is how it should be.”

Just a few years ago, it was a name that had vanished from memory. However, now Mount Hua’s fame surpassed even the Namgung family, who were called the head of the Five Great Families.

With determination, not strength, Mount Hua had achieved what the Namgung family so desperately wanted.

“Yes, they are amazing, but we can do it too.”

Namgung Myung patted Namgung Do-Wei on the shoulder. This youthful spirit sometimes warmed even his cold blood.

“Yes. It can be done…”

Namgung Myung’s gaze suddenly turned towards the river as he smiled and tried to hurry his steps. At that serious expression, Namgung Do-Wei also hardened his face and followed him.

But all Namgung Do-Wei could see were the calm waves.

Namgung Myung’s sword was pulled out instantly. The pure white sword qi, quickly emitted, roughly cut through the water, and went into the river.

A splash of water arose. And…

Where the ripples had subsided, something large had floated up.

Namgung Myung’s face relaxed only after confirming the identity.

“It seems like a human. It is understandable that uncle can make a mistake.”

Namgung Myung shook his head. The blood the carp shed had spread across and shone on the river.

“We wasted our time. We don’t have enough time to check on everyone and stay in position. Let us go.”

Namgung Myung, who led Namgung Do-Wei, walked ahead and glanced back at the water.

‘This seems ominous.’

The water, whose depth was unknown, kept frustrating him.

“This won’t be a place to stay for long.”

He hurried his steps, shaking his head.

One by one, things that looked like fish heads or small balls appeared on the surface of the Yangtze River, which was covered in darkness.

Anyone with good eyesight, who could see through the darkness, would be able to tell that they were the heads of people wearing specially made clothing.

“Where are the enemy ships?”

“There are a total of five. They are all docked on the southern side.”

The one called Captain nodded with a stern face.

“Not much. But… the Namgung family is the Namgung family. Who would have thought he would notice that?”

One of the members looked down at his shoulder with a stern face. The skin was ripped open, and the bleeding wouldn’t stop. If they hadn’t used their wits to cut down the carp passing by, wouldn’t the whole thing have been in vain?

“The opponent is the Namgung family. You cannot let your guard down, even for a moment.”

“We will finish this in a jiffy.”

When he gestured with a few instructions, the others nodded as if they understood and dived deep again. The Captain, who confirmed that everyone had started diving, took a look at Plum Blossom Island with both eyes and followed them down into the water.

They dove endlessly into the dark river with almost no visibility, moving while touching the bottom. No matter how good their senses were, they wouldn’t be able to detect the movements of these people moving along the riverbed.

Because there were countless fish larger than them swimming above their heads.

But that didn’t mean they could be completely at ease.

The closer they got to the island, the shallower the water became, increasing the chance of their presence being detected. This was the moment when they absolutely must not let their guard down.

They all looked up as they crawled along the riverbed.

Usually, docks were built where the river met the land, where the water was deepest and the slope was steepest.

What they saw when they raised their heads was the bottom of a large ship. Its fragile insides were exposed without much care.

‘They are not that stupid.’

A few Namgung family warriors were swimming around the ship, guarding it. This meant that they also understood how important the ship was.

But darkness was thicker underwater than above. No matter how alert they were, they wouldn’t be able to find their tracks.

The Captain laughed at the Namgung family’s warriors, who were completely unaware of their presence beneath their feet.

Of course, they were an incredibly strong and dangerous opponent.

But then, this was the middle of the Yangtze River.

They should have understood what it meant to have an island in the middle of the Yangtze River.

‘Now is the time to pay the price.’

The Captain gestured to the ship above.

Then, all his men nodded and began to surface at once. The bubbles created by their rapid movements rose together like crackers.

The harpoons in their hands each took on a bright blue qi.

Soon, the sharp harpoons stretched out at once, and the sharp blades cut through the water countless times.

And with a loud bang, they all crashed into the bottom of the ship.

The bottom of the ship, made of thick wood, twisted and broke, and the black water poured into the ship in an instant.

“An attack! Damn it! A night raid!”

The Namgung family warriors, who saw the ship tilting after the bang, shouted with pale faces.

“S-Stop them! We need to protect the ship!”

Screams, shouts, and confusion colored the night of Plum Blossom Island.

The fuse that had been out for a long time was finally rekindled.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.