Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

It was a very long night.

During the terrifying night, which they had never experienced before in their lives, the Namgung family’s swordsmen had to endure the fear that the pirates might invade at any moment.

But they couldn’t attempt to escape the island. Hadn’t they already experienced firsthand how dangerous the river was when darkness fell?

In the end, the Namgung family swordsmen had to stay up all night with their eyes wide open.

And when dawn finally broke, they faced despair deeper than the darkness.

Namgung Myung groaned.

“… the battleship of the pirates.”

Namgung Hwang frowned.

The moment the sun rose from the east and illuminated the river, the ships surrounding the island in the middle of the river revealed themselves. They were all armed with large cannons.

“…that fucking loach.”

Namgung Hwang gritted his teeth.

At a glance, it seemed as if he had gathered as many pirates from the Yangtze River as he could. It was a sight that showed their determination to not let even a single ant escape.

“How do we break through?”

Namgung Myung bit his lips tightly.

“… it seems difficult, my lord.”

He gulped dryly and answered.

“The distance to the riverside is too far. It isn’t a distance that you cannot cross if you try hard… but it is impossible to reach the riverside with the cannons blocking the approach and arrows raining down.”

Namgung Hwang bit his lip.

“What if I cross the river alone? I don’t know about the members of the Blue Sky troops, but it wouldn’t be that difficult for me and the elders to leave.”

“… it would be possible. But…”

Namgung Myung hesitated, unable to say what was on his mind.

“Even if the Lord and the elders break through the encirclement and reach land… the problem is that it wouldn’t make a difference.”

A ship was needed to transport people to land. Even if Namgung Hwang went to the shore to find a ship and returned to the island, how could he deal with all those ships around, alone?

In the end, the ship he found would sink under the barrage of shells.

“But wouldn’t it be better than now?”

Namgung Myung’s lips turned pale as he bit down on them. It was embarrassing to say this, but he had no other choice.

“… the moment the Lord and the elders leave this island, the pirates will attack without waiting for you. If that happens…”

Namgung Hwang understood the latter part without needing to hear it and sighed. Namgung Myung spoke in a gloomy voice.

“Those who remain on the island…”

“They will be annihilated.”

Namgung Hwang mumbled softly and closed his eyes.

In the sect, an absolute warrior was responsible for more than half of the sect’s entire strength. The Namgung Family, without Namgung Hwang, could never match the pirates.

The reason was quite simple.

Amidst the ships surrounding the island, a black ship stood out the most.

‘Black Dragon Ship…’

The Black Dragon King must be on that.

There was no need to bother with the elders. The moment Namgung Hwang stepped aside, the Black Dragon King would sail his ship to the island and attempt to land. Who in the Namgung family would face the Black Dragon King without Namgung Hwang?

On this island with nowhere to run, the Black Dragon King would be no different from a cat jumping into a swarm of rats in the poison.

“In the end… there is nothing we can do.”

Namgung Hwang’s face was calm. He didn’t seem that angry.

But Namgung Myung and Namgung Do-Wei clearly saw it: blood flowing down his clenched fists.

He was holding back the anger, clenching his fists so hard that his nails were digging into his palms. He never showed such a look to the other Namgung family members.

Namgung Hwang snorted briefly and growled.

“They wouldn’t dare invade for now.”

Soon, his booming voice spread loudly.

“Anyway, those fools won’t be able to approach the island. If that is the case, the standoff will only continue. Don’t waste your energy guarding the position uselessly. Everyone, go and rest. There are enough pavilions, so there should be no problem with you resting.”

When the Namgung family swordsmen looked at him with anxious eyes, Namgung Hwang spoke bluntly again.

“Don’t worry. If we just hold out on the island for a while, everything will be resolved!”

“Organize the crew into groups and have them rest in turns. Be on guard, but don’t let your guard down! Just be on guard when the ships approach the island.”

Namgung Myung quickly formed groups and called the members. Then, he semi-forcibly pushed the others into the pavilion.

The anxious members looked uneasy about going inside the pavilion where they couldn’t see the outside to rest. Still, it was true that there was no other way, even if they were guarding the outside, so they eventually followed Namgung Myung’s instructions.

When the situation was somewhat resolved, Namgung Hwang quietly placed Namgung Myung and Namgung Do-Wei in separate places. He moved to a place where the other family members couldn’t see him and asked with two different expressions than before.

“What do you think we should do from now?”

He wasn’t stupid either.

There was no way he wouldn’t understand that the situation was going extremely wrong.

Namgung Myung opened his mouth with a face full of humiliation.

“Right now… there is no way out.”

“Yes, lord… first, we have to protect this island. If we try to lift the siege carelessly, Namgung will be finished that day.”

“What the Lord said is right. No matter how skilled the pirates are, they will not dare land on the island that the Namgung family is guarding.”

“… It’s not that I can’t think of anything, but I don’t believe I need to.”

Namgung Myung, struck by the point, remained silent.

Even if a tiger was caught in a trap, it would be suicidal to approach it while it still has strength. An experienced hunter would wait patiently for the tiger to weaken.

When the tiger lost the strength to resist, the hunter would approach and cut its throat without damaging the body.

“Alright. Let’s say that’s all we can do for now. So, if we hold out, will the situation change?”

“… Reinforcements might come.”

Namgung Myung nodded weakly.

“Yes… there’s no way the Shaolin or the Nine Great Sects would allow our Namgung family to be surrounded by pirates. If they come to our aid, we can lift the siege and escape the island.”

Namgung Hwang’s face twisted.

“Haven’t you already experienced their strength?”

“We couldn’t even properly fight back against their attacks. Don’t you know that the reason for the one-sided victory three years ago wasn’t because they were stronger than us, but because the Hegemony Lord lured us into the Black Dragon Pirates?”

“But do you think Shaolin can face them on the river now?”

It wasn’t a voice filled with anger or sternness.

Rather, it was a question posed with such indifference that it was almost chilling.

“Even so, it is Shaolin.”

“They might find it difficult to completely save us with their strength, but they can at least find a way out.”

Namgung Hwang nodded and looked up.

His shoulders seemed a little smaller than usual.

“I started this to escape the shadow of Shaolin and stand completely on Namgung’s name, but instead, I ended up being captured by the pirates and waiting for Shaolin’s help. I cannot stand how ridiculous I am.”

“Don’t say that, Father.”

At that moment, Namgung Do-Wei spoke firmly.

“Winning or losing a battle isn’t important. What is important is not winning the battle, but winning the war.”

“No matter what twists and turns you go through, if you can win in the end, it is never a defeat. If I were not of the Namgung family bloodline, I would have laughed at the attitude of Father, not the crisis of Namgung.”

Namgung Myung shouted in surprise, but Namgung Hwang laughed instead when he heard that.

“Right. Namgung Hwang of the Heavens is crying.”

Namgung Hwang, who had been laughing out loud, gritted his teeth and said.

“There will always be an opportunity. If we can endure this siege, the moment will surely come when we can throw them all into the cold riverbed.”

“That will be the case, Father.”

Namgung Hwang gave a firm order.

“Encourage the men to not waver.”

“Don’t worry, Lord. Namgung’s Sword is by no means weak. If they had been so heartbroken, they wouldn’t have dared to use the name of Namgung.”

Namgung Hwang curled the corners of his lips and nodded.

His son had grown so much and was becoming his strength. Wasn’t every word from him even more like a Lord?

“Help the young lord.”

Namgung Myung nodded.

“That will definitely happen.”

Namgung Myung and Namgung Do-Wei bowed deeply and left. Namgung Hwang, who was left alone on the riverbank, quietly turned his head and looked at the ships surrounding the island.

‘Will we have to endure till Shaolin comes to help us?’

Namgung Hwang twisted his lips.

‘Myung is also good at lying.’

No, in fact, this could not be called a lie. That was just a true statement.

There was simply something he didn’t mention.

If Shaolin became aware of the situation and began to act, then the group of traitors would also mobilize.

What if the Hegemony Lord and the Ten Thousand People Clan reached the Yangtze River before Shaolin?

‘At that time, this will be my and the Namgung family’s grave.’

The Hegemony Lord would never miss such an opportunity.

He laughed self-deprecatingly and glared at the Black Dragon Ship in the distance.

“Even if I die here, I will take your head with me, Black Dragon King!”

The force he emitted spread along the waves of the Yangtze River.

And the force was clearly conveyed to the Black Dragon King, who was observing the island from the river.

A smug smile appeared at the corner of the Black Dragon King’s mouth.

The force Namgung Hwang exuded now was indeed threatening, even more so than when he had allied with him three years ago.

But that was all. A beast is most ferocious when caught in a trap. The momentum only reflects Namgung Hwang’s current situation.

“Have you contacted the Alliance Lord?”

“Yes, Black Dragon King!”

A bitter smile formed at the corner of the Black Dragon King’s mouth.

“Then where… shall we slowly cook the rat in the poison?”

An uncontrollable laugh escaped his lips.

‘I will teach you exactly what it means to have your blood run dry, Emperor’s Sword.’

Soon, Namgung’s blood will dye the river red.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.