Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Namgung Hwang’s eyes were twitching.

He was trying his best not to show his emotions, but he couldn’t help reacting to what he had just heard.

At that moment, Namgung Hwang burst into laughter. He was more bewildered than enraged.

“This is where merchants traveling across the Yangtze River used to live. Of course, there would be grains stored up.”

“… it seems that Green Forest withdrew and took all their things out.”

“And when the pirates occupied it again, it seems that the grains they brought with them weren’t much for us to use.”

Namgung Myung closed his eyes tightly and then spoke.

“I am sorry, Lord. I should have paid attention to all these details…”

“I was the one who gave the order to occupy Plum Blossom Island. If there is anyone at fault, it is me. It isn’t something you should bow your head for!”

Namgung Hwang spoke bluntly as he leaned back in his chair.

If one looked at this situation alone, it wasn’t such a big deal. For normal soldiers, running out of food would be a critical issue that could determine the outcome of the war. Still, since they were warriors, they could survive for about two weeks without food.

‘But that is possible only in normal times.’

The people here were exhausted. The constant attacks by the pirates were steadily eating away at their minds even at this moment.

And in the midst of all that, they cannot even eat properly?

‘It is only going to get harder.’

Each one of these was just a trivial problem.

The continuous attacks.

The cannons from afar.

The pressure of losing their way out of the island.

The anxiety that they might have to fight for their lives in a disadvantageous situation if the pirates’ support arrived faster.

When they looked at each factor individually, they didn’t seem that significant. But when all those factors combined, it felt like they had hundreds of pounds of steel on their shoulders.

This was a swamp. A swamp where you sank deeper and deeper if you tried to escape with all your might.

Namgung Hwang rubbed his eyebrows.

On a battlefield where both sides were fighting with all their strength, there probably weren’t many people who could perform as well as Namgung Hwang. This was a fact that everyone, not just the Namgung family, acknowledged.

However, even a sword that pierced the sky or a sword that split a river had no meaning in this situation.

“Isn’t this a river? If we run out of food, we can just replenish it.”

“… I have already checked. But I don’t know what those pirates did, but I cannot see any fish around the island.”

At that moment, Namgung Do-Wei, who had been silently listening to their conversation, spoke up.

“Even if we could catch fish, I don’t think we should eat them.”

“They are outnumbered and more familiar with the river than we are. We don’t know what they might do. If there is anything we need to be careful about, it is right to be cautious.”

Namgung Hwang nodded heavily.

It might be an excessive concern. However, the Namgung family was already in this situation because he didn’t worry enough.

“Water? Is there any problem with the drinking water?”

Namgung Myung nodded.

“It is impossible for even the Tang family to poison so much flowing water in the Yangtze River. So I don’t think we need to worry about that.”

“That is a blessing in disguise.”

Namgung Hwang mumbled while rubbing his face. He was thickly covered in fatigue that he had never experienced before.

‘It is alright for now, just for now.’

It felt like a needle was poking his stomach, but he could hold out for now. However, he couldn’t hold out like this forever.

“Is the reinforcement still far off?”

“… they must be rushing now.”

Namgung Hwang leaned back in his chair and looked up at the ceiling.

He appeared as if he were surrounded and withering away after charging ahead with audacity. Meanwhile, he was waiting for Shaolin to come to his aid…

Namgung Do-Wei let out a deep sigh as he watched Namgung Hwang hum softly.

‘Is this really the right way to handle this?’

Of course, he was not doubting Namgung Myung or Namgung Hwang’s judgment. However, in the end, while they were holding on, they were gradually losing the strength to fight back against their opponents.

If this continued for a few more days, there would be nothing left to do but hold on.

‘Then what would he have done?’

At that moment, the person who came to Namgung Do-Wei’s mind was none other than Mount Hua’s Sword Saint, Chung Myung.

Rationally, he accepted that there was no other way than to endure and hold on. However, his heart kept telling him that if the people here were Mount Hua and not the Namgung family, he would never have thought the same thing.

‘If it were Mount Hua’s Sword Saint…’

That was right then.

Namgung Hwang, who was sitting on the chair, suddenly got up and pulled out the sword at his waist.

He swung the sword without hesitation. The white sword qi that burst out broke the roof of the pavilion and soared.

An incredible explosion rang out, and the entire tattered roof was blown away.

The explosions continued.

The first one was created by Namgung Hwang’s sword qi, but the ones that followed had nothing to do with his sword qi.

The cannons began to pour down on the center of the island, right where they were.

The pavilions exploded one after another. Debris scattered everywhere.

“W-What! Why are there cannons being fired here?”

The screams and shouts of the panicked people mixed with the sound of cannonballs colliding.

“Stop it! Get those cannons out of here!”

Namgung Hwang let out a loud roar and leaped into the air. The cannons flying overhead began to split and explode instantly.

The elders, who quickly grasped the situation, followed Namgung Hwang and blocked the cannons.

Once the Lord and the elders took action, blocking the cannon fire wasn’t that difficult.

However, after stopping all the cannon fire, they faced a scene that could only be described as a disaster.

The destroyed pavilions, and those injured and groaning from the cannon fire.

Those who crawled out from the collapsed pavilion cried out in frustration. At the same time, those treating the injured groaned as they searched for urgently needed supplies.

Namgung Hwang’s teeth ground as if they were going to break.

“… what on earth were those on guard doing while the ship was approaching the island so closely?”

“We weren’t, L-Lord.”

Namgung Myung said with a thoughtful expression.

“T-The ship is holding its position.”

At those words, Namgung Hwang turned his head. He could see the ships floating on the river in the darkness. The distance was clearly no different from the daytime.

“… then what on earth is this cannon fire?”

“Ships, with White Thunder Cannons.”

“… White Thunder Cannons?”

Namgung Myung bit his lips and nodded.

“The White Thunder Cannons have a range three times that of regular cannons. It seems they have started using the White Thunder Cannons they stole from the island in earnest.”

Namgung Hwang clenched his fists until they hurt.

“Black Dragon King! This fucking bastard!”

The blood rushed to his head, and he felt like he might faint. It was hard to handle the raging anger on his own. He wasn’t angry that he had been attacked. The fact that he was being attacked openly and couldn’t do anything about it made it unbearable for him.

Namgung Do-Wei spoke in a subdued voice.

“So now you are saying that they can fire cannons nonstop from that distance?”

“… There is a limit to the cannons and gunpowder, so they cannot keep firing.”

“We just need to replenish them.”

Namgung Myung couldn’t bring himself to respond. He tried to view the situation as positively as he could. Still, no matter how hard he tried, there was no room for a positive interpretation.

Namgung Do-Wei looked at Namgung Hwang as if he had resolved something in his mind.

“If this continues, we will be annihilated.”

“We cannot just wait for support that might come at any time. We have lost our front line. The cannons will keep firing. Suppose we stay on edge, preparing for the incoming cannons. In that case, we won’t last even three days, and our stamina will be depleted.”

Namgung Myung refuted Namgung Do-Wei.

“Three days is enough time for Shaolin to come!”

“Yes, true. But what if the pirates attack us before that?”

Namgung Myung fell silent.

Saying they could last three days didn’t mean they could maintain their current strength for that time. And what guarantee was there that Shaolin would arrive within three days?

“Lord. This cannot continue.”

Namgung Hwang looked at Namgung Do-Wei with a burning gaze.

“Then? What are you going to do?”

“What was said earlier.”

Namgung Do-Wei turned his head and looked at the river.

“Is it clear that you can break through that siege and reach the river land if you are the only one?”

Namgung Hwang’s face contorted.

“Of course, it is possible. But didn’t I tell you? Even if we break through and reach the land, it won’t make a difference. Rather, this place will be in danger…”

Namgung Hwang frowned, not understanding Namgung Do-Wei’s words for a moment. However, Namgung Myung seemed to immediately grasp the intent and was shocked.

Namgung Do-Wei turned his head at Namgung Myung’s response. What he saw at the end of his gaze was a huge ship, half shrouded in darkness on the pitch-black river.

A massive ship painted so black that it was overwhelming.

“Black Dragon King…”

A groan-like voice flowed out of Namgung Myung’s mouth. Namgung Do-Wei firmly stated.

“If the Lord vacates the island, there will be no one here to deal with the Black Dragon King.”

“Then we have just one way.”

His voice was filled with hope.

“We will attack the Black Dragon King in return. If we can cross the river, attack the Black Dragon Ship, and decapitate the Black Dragon King, then the encirclement wouldn’t be a problem.”

Namgung Hwang’s eyes widened even further.

“Blue Sky doesn’t know fear and doesn’t cower. If I am going to get hit like this and fall, it is right to fight back, even if it means risking my life.”

Namgung Do-Wei’s sharp gaze turned to the Black Dragon Ship.

‘If it were him, he would have definitely done this.’

In the past, during the Yangtze River War, Mount Hua’s Sword Saint Chung Myung abandoned everything and rushed to take the head of Jang Ilso. This was probably because he thought that the only way to resolve the unfavorable situation was to kill Jang Ilso, who was the center of all those schemes.

This time, it was the same. If the people they were dealing with were pirates, then they had no choice but to eliminate the core of the pirates.

“I will assist my father. There is no other way to save everyone here. Lord! Make a decision!”

Namgung Do-Wei bowed his head to Namgung Hwang.

Namgung Hwang, who was staring at him, bit his lips.

Namgung Do-Wei looked at Namgung Hwang with surprised eyes. He could not have imagined that he would reject the offer.

“I am a man. But before that, I am the Lord of the Namgung family.”

“I cannot carry out a plan that will surely kill everyone if it fails.”

“But if this continues…”

“Shaolin will definitely come. Once Shaolin arrives, I will tear those worms to pieces and chew on their flesh! Until then…”

Namgung Hwang’s lips, which were being bitten down, tore, and blood flowed out.

“Until then, everyone will hold on no matter what!”

Namgung Do-Wei answered in a dark voice. The order of the Lord was the absolute law. Once a decision was made, there were no more objections.

‘He surely must have thought the same as me.’

A deep sigh escaped.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.