Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The ship sliced through the water. The pure white foam created by the rapid maneuver and acceleration instantly dyed the Yangtze River white.

The sight of dozens of ships simultaneously turning their bows and advancing was truly a spectacle to behold.

No, the word spectacle might not be right. For the Namgung family on Plum Blossom Island, this sight was ‘terrifying’ itself.

The pirates were approaching. Those who bore the name Namgung had never feared an enemy. Instead, they cheered.

But what they felt now was not fighting spirit but despair.

They had never imagined a situation where they would lose confidence, thinking that they couldn’t win not because the enemy was strong but because they were not in perfect condition.

How vicious a war could be.

The scenario where they faced each other at their best and overcame an enemy that was difficult to defeat with their current skills through negotiation and perseverance only appeared in stories.

At that moment, a loud roar burst from Namgung Hwang’s mouth.

“Do not forget! It isn’t me or my comrades standing behind you who will see your last look! But the enemies who will see it!”

That voice painfully pierced everyone’s ears.

“Do not let them remember the Namgung family’s last appearance as swordsmen as helpless and scared! The last thing you must protect is the awe that the enemy shows you!”

It wasn’t known. But what was certain was that the moment Namgung Hwang’s words to get up were spoken, the Namgung family swordsmen, who had collapsed from exhaustion, somehow rose.

“Wouldn’t it be better! The enemy is coming. Now, there are those who can be cut with that sword of ours. Smile! Let us prove that Namgung’s sword truly shows its power when facing the enemy!”

It was truly an evil voice.

That was the moment when Namgung Hwang was gathering his final fighting spirit. Some of the ships were rushing to the island when they suddenly turned sharply to the side.

Before the ship’s turn was even complete, a cannon fired into Plum Blossom Island. It wasn’t an attack meant to be precise. It would be nice if it hit, but it didn’t have to. The intention was to break their morale and heighten their anxiety.

However, even the cannon fire, which was fired without much expectation, posed a great threat to the Namgung family, already at its limit.

The cannon fire poured down all over the island.

The sky was clear, yet the cannons were dotting it, and the dust they raised forcibly brought a sense of reality to the minds that had been extremely hazy.

The Namgung family’s swordsmen gritted their teeth and took up their swords.

A warrior proved his life by how he died.

They knew that, too. The chances of them surviving this battle were slim. So shouldn’t they prove their life for the last time?

The bombardment continued, but the eyes of the Namgung family swordsmen grew even colder.

The moment that ship arrived at the shore was the start!

All of the Namgung family swordsmen looked at the approaching ship, took deep breaths, and began to strengthen their resolve. But at that moment.

Before they could even prepare themselves mentally, dozens of pirates rose from the water surface near the island, water splashing.

“T-They are coming! Damn it!”

The pirates, who rose up as if to pierce the enemy’s defenses, ran at full speed without even shouting.

The Black Dragon King was indeed an experienced man. He quickly dispatched the assault team to Plum Blossom Island as if he wouldn’t give the Namgung family time to gather their fighting spirit.

Judging by the speed at which they were rushing, it was clear they were not just ordinary pirates.

The pirates, with complexions hardened like iron armor, charged in front of the swordsmen, emitting a presence colder than the eternal ice of the North Sea.

“Blue Sky Sword troops! Guard the front!”

The training ingrained in their bodies was effective in any situation. The Blue Sky troops, even when facing the limits of their endurance, moved their feet the instant the leader’s command was given.

The Blue Sky Sword troops stepped forward instantly and formed a battle formation.

If Chung Myung had witnessed this, he would have nodded in approval. The power of a famous family sect wasn’t proven solely by their swordsmanship. It was a will that demonstrated their history and name.

The current Namgung family was proving with their will that the name they had built was not in vain.

The cannon fire continued unabated.

In the midst of the battlefield, heated by the cannons, the Namgung family’s Blue Sky Sword troops and the pirates of the Black Dragon King clashed head-on.

The swords and blades, swords and harpoons, sent sparks flying.

It was different from before. The battles that had continued until then were fought with the knowledge that each side had a fallback. The pirates had no intention of pushing the Namgung family to the brink, and the Namgung family recognized that the pirates wouldn’t completely cut off their retreat.

But now it was different.

All that was left was the annihilation of one side.

It was a battle where everything was at stake, and one side would not stop until the other was entirely suffocated.

The tendons in their arms strained against their weapons. It was a sight that showed their determination not to be pushed back even an inch.

The ones who should have been pushed back were the Black Dragon pirates.

Blue Sky Swords troops. Those who bore that name were the elite of the Namgung family. How could the swords of those who lead the Blue Sky Sword Namgung family be so light?

As the confrontation dragged on, the Namgung family’s sword was pushed back more and more.

As if to prove that no matter how strong one’s will was, one could not overcome the limits of the body, the pirates’ sword and spear began to push the swords of the Namgung family away.

The blade, which seized the opportunity, finally cruelly cut through the weakened body.

Blood splashed everywhere, and shrill screams spread out. However, even when the spear pierced their stomachs and cut their shoulders, the Blue Sky Sword troops didn’t easily retreat.

Because they knew without anyone shouting it out.

That this was where they were supposed to die.

“Don’t mess around!”

One of the members let out a desperate scream and swung his sword.

The sword flew in like a ray of light and pierced the neck of the pirate rushing at him from ahead.

The sword, which dug into the front of the neck, pierced through to the back and stuck out. The pirate, who looked down at the sword stuck in his neck, trembled as if he couldn’t believe what had just happened.

The spear of a pirate, whose neck had been pierced, pierced the lower abdomen of the swordsman, who let his guard down for a moment.

The sound of air escaped from the mouths of the Blue Sky Sword troops. Their wills may have been strong, but they were still inexperienced young warriors on the battlefield. They overlooked the obvious fact that they should not let their guard down until their opponent was fully dead.

At that moment, the blade that flew in from behind slashed the neck of a member of the Blue Sky Sword troops, who was twisting his body. The head, with its eyes wide open, spun around and rose into the air.

The family was incredibly close.

Unlike sects where people with no close relation gather and share the same values, family sects grow together from childhood.

In other words, the shock received when someone was sacrificed was incomparable to that of a normal sect.

To some, he was a younger sibling; to others, an older one; and to others, a son. His head, raised into the air with its eyes open, caused tears of blood to flow from the hearts of those who had to witness it.

As hatred and anger grew, harmony and morale disappeared from the battlefield.

All that remained was the blatant hostility to tear apart those in front of them.

The softly crafted stories meant to instill dreams in those who grew up holding swords began to crumble, revealing the true face of the battlefield.

Victory gained by sacrificing a son’s head.

Glory that was given as a sacrifice of a brother’s heart.

Who spoke of sacrifice?

Who talked about the sorrow behind it?

There was no praise given to those who had died. Glory belongs entirely to the living.

Someone had to know. Who shed the blood behind that glory? Behind all the glory, there were countless forgotten deaths.

But unfortunately, those who stood there were simply consumed by hostility, fear, and hatred, rushing at the enemy before their eyes.

The swordsman, with bloodshot eyes, swung his sword at the enemies, screaming.

It was a fierce rejection. It was an incredibly violent sword attack, unbelievable for someone entirely drained of energy.

But the Black Dragon pirates were not flustered.

A cornered rat would bite a cat, too. But would a cat die from a rat’s bite? They had already anticipated that the opponent would resist fiercely. The important thing was to completely corner the enemy.

Unlike their initial fearsome charge, the Black Dragon pirates loosened the reins of their attacks. They never rushed but took their time with the approach.

At that moment, the ship advancing towards Plum Blossom Island crashed into the sandbar and anchored, making this eerie sound.

The huge ship, made of a black substance—the Black Dragon Ship, which symbolized the Black Dragon King—finally arrived at Plum Blossom Island.

The loud sound pierced the ears of everyone.

It was a noise so loud that it made one doubt whether the ship could safely dock at that speed. However, the ripple effect of that sound was certainly amazing.

The Namgung family members’ bodies shrank as they confirmed with their ears, not their eyes, that the main force of the pirates had arrived.

After a while, someone slowly appeared at the bow of the Black Dragon Ship.

A magnificent figure that made people feel intimidated.

Not just his skills but his appearance alone made those who watched him cringe, revealing his majestic nature.

“Those fucking bugs….”

Finally, the Black Dragon King, who had entered Plum Blossom Island, looked down at the Namgung family and bared his teeth.

“All those who dare to oppose me in this river, turn them into food for fish!”

As soon as the order was given, the battleships, which had been docked, began to pour out like ants.

It was a shocking sight.

On the ships that had taken over all four sides of the island and in the water, the swarm of pirates was endlessly pushing towards the island.

“Black Dragon KINGGGGG!”

Namgung Hwang’s roar escaped his mouth like a lion’s roar.

However, the Black Dragon King only twisted the corners of his lips at the sound. Namgung Hwang fixed his eyes, red with hatred, and shouted.

“If you are a warrior, step forward! You should have the courage to fight a battle!”

“You are still an idiot, I see, Namgung Hwang.”

Black Dragon King openly sneered.

“Did you dare think that you were even worthy of fighting me?”

“Stay there and fight until you die. I will watch your end with my own two eyes!”

“BLACK DRAGON KINNGGGG!”

The pirates began to rush at the bleeding big fish. As if they were going to tear everything apart and eat it up, leaving not a single bit of flesh behind.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.