Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

The disciples of Mount Hua, who had been lying around as if dead, all raised their heads with shining eyes.

They had heard about the situation while carrying people on carts, but there was a limit to what ordinary people knew. Mount Hua’s disciples naturally had to be curious about the details of the situation in the Yangtze River.

However, Chung Myung quickly turned around with a calm expression and just listened.

“No, well… they will figure it out.”

Chung Myung blew on the finger he used to clean his ear.

Before Tang Gunak could say anything, Chung Myung waved his hand.

“The orders cannot be reversed, right?”

“Who would take priority between those who went out to fight with their swords drawn in their own hands and those who were harmed without any reason?”

Tang Gunak couldn’t answer right away. Of course, it would be the latter.

“Even if you are interested in it, it is only after everyone else has been evacuated.”

Tang Gunak slowly nodded his head at Chung Myung’s words.

He was once again impressed by this young Taoist. Knowing something in their head and putting it into practice were two different things. Something that could change the landscape of martial arts was happening right around the corner, and it wasn’t something that could be done with normal patience to lose interest in it.

Chung Myung might be misunderstood because of his seemingly violent personality and exaggerated actions, but there aren’t many people in murim who are as patient as Chung Myung these days…

Chung Myung’s ears perked up. The hand which was lowered ahead was constantly moving, and his lips were also moving busily as if he wanted to say something.

Tang Gunak’s expression turned slightly shaky at the sight of the words and actions not matching.

Chung Myung hesitantly spoke.

“The… situation… well…”

“No! I am not curious about it! No need, but there could be damage during the transportation process… so… so…”

“You said you were not curious?”

“Eh! Who wouldn’t be curious? That is what everyone says!”

Tang Gunak sighed and shook his head.

“Yah! Whether the Namgung bastards get hurt or die, what does that have to do with me!”

Chung Myung, who suddenly lost his temper, turned around at the sahyungs and shouted.

“If you are resting, get up! Or I will have to wake you up!”

“… This bastard is now just taking his anger out on us.”

“Someday, I will get my chance…”

The disciples of Mount Hua stood up, grumbling. Even though they complained, they, too, wanted to move the refugees from the Yangtze River to a safe place as soon as possible.

Mount Hua could do nothing about those who had decided to live there. But, shouldn’t they at least do their best to help those who had made the big decision to move to Sichuan?

“Is there any problem with moving people to Sichuan?”

“Is there any problem?”

Tang Gunak answered calmly.

“First, getting out of the Yangtze River is a priority. Sending people to Sichuan can be done slowly. Thanks to the grains you brought and the grains flowing in from Plum Blossom Island, there will be no problems in feeding the refugees, so that is fortunate.”

“Then it is fine. Did you find land in Sichuan?”

“I am thinking about that.”

“Even if there is much land around, if possible, I would like to have them settle in Chengdu where the influence of the Tang family is strong….”

“I think it will be difficult for them to adapt to city life. It would be even tougher for those living around the river.”

Chung Myung nodded as if he understood the point.

“Then I think we should settle in the Min River basin to the west of Chengdu. I believe that would be best for those who lived along the river. It isn’t a place that can be compared to the Yangtze River, but isn’t it still a river?”

Hearing that, Chung Myung smiled faintly.

The number of refugees moving around wasn’t small.

Although the sects had no great ties with common people, as the rulers of Sichuan, the Tang family, with their strong regional influence, would not want to lose the refugees who would undoubtedly support them.

Therefore, it was generally right to have people live in areas where their power was strong and try to gain profits there.

The Tang family also made many sacrifices to support them.

But now, Tang Gunak was prioritizing their lives over the interests of the Tang family. Even if it meant losing some influence, he was seeking a place that was most similar to where they lived.

‘This is how it should be.’

Chung Myung nodded vigorously, feeling happy for no particular reason.

“That sounds like a good idea.”

“Is that so? Hmm. I still don’t know. I think we should look for a better place.”

Three wrinkles formed between Tang Gunak’s eyebrows. Chung Myung eventually burst into laughter. Even when the Tang family elders were restraining him, he never showed such a look.

“The sect leader said that he would support them as much as possible in the name of the Heavenly Friends Alliance, so don’t worry too much. Getting them out of there is our priority.”

Tang Gunak nodded quietly.

“Are you the people of Mount Hua?”

“The people of Mount Hua are here!”

The crowd of people came out of the place and surrounded Mount Hua’s disciples.

The refugees who were still staying in Wuhan discovered them and ran out barefoot.

“You must be having a hard time.”

“Oh my. Look at the dirt on your face.”

Those who ran out grabbed their hands, and the women wiped the faces of the Mount Hua disciples with their sleeves. The faces of the Mount Hua disciples turned bright red at the unexpected hospitality.

“N-no. You don’t have to do this…”

“What did we even do for you?”

However, for the refugees, it was a different story.

If they had tried to walk here on foot, they would have walked for days and might not have even reached their destination. With children, it would have taken more than ten days.

In this tense atmosphere of the Yangtze River, how could they not be grateful to those who came out to help them?

At that moment, someone gently tugged the sleeve of Jo Gul.

Jo Gul turned around and blinked at what was in front of him.

“It is a dumpling. It isn’t much, but please take this…”

Jo Gul absent-mindedly accepted the dumpling wrapped in cloth and wiped his nose.

“You didn’t have to do this….”

Of course, his body was very exhausted.

Even though he was a warrior who had mastered the art of martial arts and had now reached a level that most warriors couldn’t hope to achieve, it was not easy to pull a cart loaded with people and luggage and travel back and forth between Wuhan and the Yangtze several times a day.

But at this moment, all that fatigue and exhaustion felt like it had vanished.

“… I will eat this well.”

Yoon Jong tapped Jo Gul on the shoulder as he bowed his head.

“You will have this alone?”

“… Yes, I will eat this alone. I will not give this to sahyung.”

Normally, Yoon Jong would have grabbed Jo Gul by the collar, but now he just smiled broadly.

Someone said that righteousness means to give without any price.

But whenever he experienced such things, Yoon Jong couldn’t help but think that those words were wrong.

It wasn’t that there was no price; it was just that the price had a different meaning.

A warm welcome. A few words of thanks, a few dumplings—wasn’t that more than enough for them?

Baek Cheon bowed his head to them as their representative.

“If you think about it, the fact that you are going through all this hardship is because of the fault of those with swords. We cannot compensate for every loss, but we will do our best to try and help.”

“What do you mean? How is that Mount Hua’s fault?”

“Yes! I don’t know about other places, but I know how much Mount Hua and the Tang family have done for us. Even animals know grace, so we humans cannot be unaware of it.”

“Of course, we are grateful.”

Baek Cheon smiled broadly as he watched them wipe their eyes with their sleeves.

“Now, then let us go again…”

“If you have all rested, let us go, sasuk.”

When he turned around, his sahyungs and sajils were already holding the cart’s handles.

“Now, maybe it is because you are old. You are not very nimble.”

“Even in this situation, the people of the Yangtze River are desperately waiting for us. We should move a little faster.”

It is death; it is death at this rate. Maybe get the alcohol bottle and have Chung Myung drink it up and put him to sleep; then they could rest a little too?

“Ah, the sun has already set. Will you go again?”

“Hahaha. What does the night have to do with us moving? There is someone waiting there for us, so we should go.”

“But you should rest a bit.”

“I have rested enough. This is better.”

They were all turning into Chung Myung; their words and actions were not consistent.

Baek Cheon snickered and walked towards the cart. But soon, as if something came to mind, he stopped and turned to Chung Myung.

Baek Cheon was about to call Chung Myung but went silent.

Chung Myung, who had moved from the crowd, was looking somewhere.

South. The Yangtze River.

An unknown emotion was felt from that sight. Baek Cheon, who was contemplating calling him again, shook his head and slowly approached Chung Myung, placing a hand on his shoulder.

“… Let’s get going now, Chung Myung.”

Chung Myung nodded as if it were nothing. Baek Cheon didn’t bother to ask what Chung Myung was thinking. It wasn’t hard to guess, and there was no need to confirm it.

Baek Cheon glanced at Chung Myung’s back as he headed to the cart and quietly said,

“I have to take responsibility for my own mistakes.”

Chung Myung looked back. Baek Cheon glanced at him and calmly walked ahead.

“But then you stepped up for my mistake in the past….”

“So… back when I wasn’t able to properly lead the sajae and sajils as their great sahyung, you stepped ahead and changed everything.”

Baek Cheon paused for a moment but didn’t turn back.

“Actually, I felt really grateful.”

Then, as if remembering something, he turned and added,

“Just back then. Only back then. Not now.”

Baek Cheon snickered and stood in front of the cart, grabbing the handle.

“We should finish this before the situation gets any worse. We can stop thinking about the aftermath then.”

Chung Myung looked at Baek Cheon and smiled.

“Dong-Ryong has grown up so much. You even know how to speak well to me.”

“I am originally a lot older than you, you brat! It was like that in the past, and it will continue to be so in the future!”

Chung Myung clicked his tongue and turned to Tang Gunak.

“We will leave now. Among the people I brought earlier, there is a child who seemed very exhausted, so take a look at him.”

“Don’t worry, those learning medicines are already on it.”

“As expected of you, so flawless.”

Chung Myung smiled and jumped onto the cart.

“Okay, let’s get moving!”

This time, Mount Hua’s disciples also began pulling the cart without a word. The refugees cheered loudly as they watched the cart accelerate away in an instant.

In the midst of all this, Tang Gunak smiled and shook his head.

He never thought he would feel so proud of kids who hadn’t even lived half his age. If they kept going at it, he wouldn’t be able to take on the role of an adult.

“The Tang family cannot lose.”

He turned and shouted.

“Everyone, gather your things! We have to finish before Mount Hua comes back!”

Tang Gunak’s shoulders straightened more proudly than ever as he headed inside once again.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.