Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Namgung Do-Wei’s sword mercilessly cut through the bodies of the pirates rushing toward him. There was not even a shred of hesitation. The venom at the tip of the sword spoke of Namgung Do-Wei’s determination.

And at that moment, Namgung Hwang burst out from beneath him.

The dazzling white sword qi that rose up swept away the pirates rushing in from the front.

No, this word is not enough to describe the force.

“Come! You dirty pirates!”

A storm-like roar erupted. Namgung Hwang’s eyes were the only ones clear on the dark river as if they were burning.

The spear flew fiercely.

Namgung Hwang cut the flying harpoon in half, but he didn’t have the time to cut down the pirate who threw it. Before he could even swing the sword again, another harpoon flew in, and before that could reach Namgung Hwang, another followed.

In the first place, a harpoon was a weapon for hunting, not for war.

The harpoons were much thinner than spears and wouldn’t get caught. The hook on the end could not be pulled out without tearing the flesh once it pierced through.

When warriors faced off against each other, it was a weapon that was disadvantageous, but when hunting a small number of people like this, the harpoon was more powerful than any other weapon.

The madness in the eyes of the pirates sparkled even in the darkness. More than a dozen harpoons flew toward Namgung Hwang and Namgung Do-Wei with all their might.

“Don’t underestimate them!”

Namgung Do-Wei kicked the water surface and jumped back up, spraying out sword qi at the pirates rushing with harpoons.

Iron Sword Twelve Forms!

Unlike the Emperor Sword form, which requires great strength, this is the basic sword form of the Namgung family. The simple sword style was especially effective in situations like this.

It was quick because it was simple and powerful because it was quick. The white sword qi cut through and shattered the flying harpoons, embedding itself into the pirates’ bodies.

The pirates screamed and fell. The blood they spilled spread across the Yangtze River, but the darkness that had settled only indifferently consumed their blood and corpses.

However, even though their comrades were cut down and died, the flying harpoons did not cease.

This time, Namgung Hwang shouted and swung his sword. The sword qi that surged up exploded, creating huge waves in all directions. The pirates who had risen above the water were swept away by the terrifying waves and pushed back.

“They are fewer in number! Kill them all!”

“I will cut off the Emperor Sword’s head!”

Even if they killed and killed again, more would rush in, and even if they pushed them away repeatedly, more would chase after them.

No, it wasn’t just that. Even though their comrades were dying right in front of them, the pirates continued to fight like hungry sharks smelling blood.

At that moment, hundreds of arrows shot out from several ships slowly approaching them. The rain of arrows, which seemed as if it would block out the sky, changed direction all at once and began to pour down on Namgung Hwang and Namgung Do-Wei’s heads.

“These insane people…!”

A roar burst from Namgung Hwang’s mouth.

The arrows carrying the qi pierced at an incredible speed, but Namgung Hwang was not one to be hit by such crude arrows. The ones who were hurt by those arrows were none other than the pirates rushing at the two.

The arrows that pierced the back of the pirate rose up in front of his face. Those who rushed ahead without thought were unable to dodge the arrows and, in an instant, turned into hedgehogs.

Namgung Hwang’s eyes burned with intensity.

They shot arrows even though he was aware his comrades were present. They must have known that no matter how many arrows they launched, they would only provoke Namgung Hwang to slash back!

Were they trying to suggest that their lives were less valuable than Namgung Hwang’s?

“Black Dragon KIINNNGGGGG!”

Namgung Hwang let out a roar of anger, but the Black Dragon King remained composed, calmly issuing instructions.

“It is fine if you don’t inflict wounds. Just drain their qi; that will suffice.”

Essentially, all sword techniques originated from the lower body. In a place where there was no ground to step on, it was challenging for any sword to exert its full force. This meant that to achieve its normal strength, it had to expend twice the normal amount of internal qi.

Especially for Namgung Hwang, who channeled a significant amount of internal qi into each sword form and move, he would soon tire. Particularly since he had been exerting himself on Plum Blossom Island for some time and was unable to maintain his form.

Once Namgung Hwang’s qi was sufficiently drained, the Black Dragon King would advance and sever his head.

A bitter smile formed on the lips of the Black Dragon King.

He didn’t know what Namgung Hwang was thinking, but from the moment he plunged into the river of his own accord, Namgung Hwang’s fate was sealed.

The arrows, charged with intense qi, pierced the surface and dug deep.

Those arrows didn’t cause any real harm to Namgung Hwang. But that was limited to Namgung Hwang.

Those who were fighting the arrows on the water could block them with ease, but the elders battling the pirates underwater were in an entirely different situation.

As they looked down at the water’s surface to deal with the pirates below, arrows suddenly struck them. The arrows, loaded with qi, did not lose their power even after hitting the water, and their fate was sealed as they faced dozens of such arrows coming at them.

The Namgung family’s name, and being an elder there were not in vain; they instantly swatted off the arrows, but it was impossible to block them all. The sharp tips dug into the back and sides of one.

A scream-like shout burst out from Namgung Hwang.

The Third Elder, flinching at the arrows piercing his body, instead dove deeper into the water.

Namgung Hwang clenched his teeth.

There was no time to take care of himself. The moment they left the battle line, Namgung Hwang would have to deal with the harpoons flying from the water as well as below.

Knowing that the Third Elder chose to fight the pirates without caring for his own life.

Namgung Hwang looked around.

It was hard to tell whether he was looking at the river or the pirates in the river.

Namgung Hwang clenched his teeth.

Namgung Do-Wei looked at Namgung Hwang for a moment. Namgung Do-Wei opened his mouth as if he was going to say something but soon bit his lips until they bled and gulped down his words.

The moment he kicked the water and moved behind Namgung Hwang, a heavy breath escaped Namgung Hwang’s mouth.

In the midst of the confusion, Namgung Hwang glanced at Do-Wei. Namgung Hwang’s mouth opened as he looked at him with eyes that were hard to understand.

“Do not fall… behind your father.”

That was all he said. Namgung Hwang grabbed his sword once again.

If they were caught in this place, the result was obvious. However, what they had to do was not endure it but move ahead.

“Elders! Protect Do-Wei!”

His voice might have pierced through the water and reached down below. However, they would have understood Namgung Hwang’s intentions without him having to say anything.

Namgung Hwang’s sword qi swept ahead with this brilliant shine, which seemed to instantly turn the dark sky into a blue sky.

The powerful sword qi literally split the Yangtze River in an instant. The waters that filled the path of the sword qi were crushed without even being able to scream.

The river shook like a stormy sea as the water, which had been pushed back, surged forward. Namgung Hwang kicked the water and advanced in a straight line.

The pirates rolled their heads and rushed at Namgung Hwang.

Another sword strike!

The sword qi Namgung Hwang released slammed into the pirates along with the river water.

It felt like someone was stabbing his dantian with a large needle. He wasn’t even in good shape to start with, and he had jumped into the river. In that situation, it was only natural that his stamina would run out with him constantly using sword qi.

But Namgung Hwang didn’t think about what would happen next.

There was no turning back. Only forward.

Namgung Hwang’s sword moved greatly once again. The white sword qi that flashed and bloomed brilliantly seemed to draw the path they would take on the river.

The floor of the river, struck by the sword qi, burst apart as if a giant hand had torn it apart.

Namgung Hwang stretched his neck and roared.

His body had no more strength left in it. Now, his dantian was as painful as if it had been slashed with a sword.

Nevertheless, his mind was calmer than before he jumped into the water.

The sword qi was released again.

‘Now… I understand.’

He sometimes pondered about the Emperor Sword technique, which was half-baked.

The extreme attack-oriented technique was a peculiar sword style that used an unbelievable amount of internal qi to produce immense power. However, it left the user extremely vulnerable from behind.

This was why the Namgung family always produced some of the best swordsmen in the world, yet they never overcame the final hurdle—the title of the best swordsman in the world was never theirs.

Why did his ancestors choose this sword technique to represent Namgung?

There was no need to protect his back.

Because his son was now behind him.

The Emperor’s Sword. The Sword of the Emperor.

The sword wasn’t for show. It wasn’t to defeat the pirates.

It was to protect those who followed while watching his back.

That was the image of a monarch that Namgung desired.

‘No… I suppose it is the way of the family’s lord.’

It told him to give everything he had left to protect his son.

The corners of Namgung Hwang’s mouth lifted, revealing his white teeth. The surging waves continued to hit his face, and the bitter river water rushed into his throat, yet his eyes were clearer than ever.

This is the path he was taking. And the path his son would take one day.

The terrifying sword qi he released swept away and struck down the pirates charging at him relentlessly.

But then, a harpoon flew through the imperfect sword qi and pierced his side.

Namgung Hwang didn’t even glance at it.

He immediately decapitated the pirate who threw it, then successively cut down the throats of the surrounding, frightened pirates.

Another harpoon from the water pierced his leg, and a shower of arrows struck his shoulder.

Nevertheless, Namgung Hwang stared ahead.

Even if it meant burning everything down.

The path that Namgung would walk on.

The path that his son would have to take.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.