Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Namgung Do-Wei, who had fallen into the water, clenched his teeth.

He knew he shouldn’t be sad. There was no time for sadness.

He flailed his arms and legs, focusing only on the riverside, which wasn’t too far away.

A desperate scream burst from his mouth.

Resentment, anger, sadness, and pain.

Countless emotions mixed together and surged through him like a howl.

He couldn’t tell what was flowing down his face—blood, tears, or river water. He just kept moving his limbs, pushing forward.

If he died there, those who had already perished would have died in vain.

Namgung Do-Wei, advancing with a howl, had to stop before he could take a couple more steps. The pirates stationed in front surrounded him.

Namgung Do-Wei glared at them with red eyes and drew his sword.

‘Do not get anxious.’

If only he could vent his anger here. He felt like letting go of his reason and swinging his arms until he collapsed from exhaustion.

But that couldn’t happen.

Right now, this wasn’t just his life.

At any cost! At all costs!

His sword instantly sliced through the waists of the pirate troops rushing towards him.

Hot blood gushed at him from the torn bodies, covering his face. The cold river and hot blood mingled.

A flying harpoon grazed his arm, gouging out the flesh. However, he didn’t have time to feel pain. Namgung Do-Wei swung his sword, stabbing the enemies, striking the surface of the water, and moving ahead.

Another harpoon, flying from the water, dug into his stomach. Namgung Do-Wei grabbed and broke the shaft, then swung his sword again.

The riverbank wasn’t far now.

Just a little… a little more!

Every time he swung his sword as if in a frenzy, the white sword qi split the bodies of the pirates. Even as hot blood covered his face, his arms and legs didn’t stop.

At that moment, Namgung Do-Wei turned at the ominous sound from behind.

A silent, enhanced blade qi.

The one that took down Namgung Hwang was coming for him. A powerful blow that his exhausted body could not withstand.

Namgung Do-Wei’s eyes trembled and widened.

Just then, the enhanced blade qi coming for him exploded in the air. The pirates chasing Namgung Do-Wei screamed as they were swept up by the explosion.

Namgung Do-Wei was momentarily flustered.

But instead of pondering further, he immediately turned around. The important thing now was not ‘how.’ What mattered was survival.

“Get out of my way, you bastards!”

With a desperate scream, Namgung Do-Wei headed for the land.

The Black Dragon King was enraged.

“What were you doing!”

His face was filled with rage.

The Black Dragon King had never had to suppress his anger like this before. Normally, if he was this angry, he would rush out and kill them. That was his nature.

But even though he was enraged now, he couldn’t bring himself to rush at the opponent.

The reason was simple.

The one who made him angry right now was none other than the Hegemony Lord, Jang Ilso.

“Why didn’t you let me attack and block it!”

He had clearly aimed to kill the boy. If there had been no interference, Namgung Do-Wei would be dead. But his attack exploded before it could touch Namgung Do-Wei, colliding with the qi of Jang Ilso.

In other words, Jang Ilso saved Namgung Do-Wei.

Jang Ilso just snorted and looked at the Black Dragon King with indifference.

When the Black Dragon King couldn’t hold back and shouted, Jang Ilso just clicked his tongue and glared at him in a mocking manner.

“How can a person be so cruel…”

Jang Ilso smiled and curled his red lips.

“He worked so hard to save his child, and you are killing the father and then going after the child too. That is too heartbreaking.”

The Black Dragon King gritted his teeth.

What nonsense was this?

Jang Ilso laughed loudly and glanced at Namgung Do-Wei. He was desperately fighting off the pirates. Jang Ilso’s eyes turned dark.

“Do you not want to see?”

“The moment he arrives at the riverside and faces Shaolin.”

The Black Dragon King, who was about to say something, went silent. Jang Ilso slowly continued.

“Isn’t that how people are? They tend to hide, cover-up, and ignore what they consider to be their own lacking aspects. But… there will inevitably come a time in life when you have to face your own lacking things.”

Jang Ilso licked his lips and looked at the Black Dragon King.

“Do you know what expression a person makes?”

The Black Dragon King trembled slightly at that.

He couldn’t understand what this man’s thoughts were, but he didn’t need to. Jang Ilso’s malice was vividly conveyed in his eyes.

“You will see it now.”

Hearing Jang Ilso’s low voice, the Black Dragon King glared at him. However, as time passed, it was the Black Dragon King who avoided the gaze first.

“Collect the bodies!”

The Black Dragon King, who turned around, gave rough orders.

Ho Ga-Myung, who was listening to the entire talk, shook his head.

He understood how he felt, but it was because he didn’t like that attitude.

‘It will not be long.’

Ho Ga-Myung, who glared at the Black Dragon King, straightened his face and spoke to Jang Ilso.

“Alliance Lord, now…”

At that moment, Jang Ilso stopped Ho Ga-Myung as if telling him to be quiet and slowly reached out his hand. Then he grabbed the alcohol bottle.

He quietly looked down at the bottle, then extended his hand over the railing and tilted it.

The flowing alcohol went into the Yangtze River.

Ho Ga-Myung, who understood the meaning of that, looked at Jang Ilso.

“Doesn’t the Lord dislike idiotic people?”

“But I don’t hate them.”

Before he knew it, calmness fell onto the Yangtze River. Jang Ilso’s slightly sunken eyes looked at the flowing river.

“I achieved what I wanted to, so I have no regrets.”

The alcohol spilled had fallen like rain on the Yangtze River.

He felt the ground under his toes.

Namgung Do-Wei stepped ahead with a foot that felt like it carried a thousand pounds.

At this point, the pursuit stopped.

A bloody path appeared in the black river he passed through. At the end of it, Namgung Do-Wei continued to walk, staggering.

The water, which was up to his neck, reached his chest, and soon his upper body was out of the water.

He kept mumbling it like he was possessed.

His eyes were half-closed and dark, but Namgung Do-Wei kept moving ahead.

“I need to be alive…”

And soon, his feet emerged from the water.

He reached the land and walked slowly. The water from the river poured down from the sword, which came out of the water.

Those standing on the land watched without making a sound. They didn’t dare do anything as they watched him stagger toward them.

Because they felt bad. Because they felt shame.

They didn’t even dare to support him as he staggered.

Finally, Namgung Do-Wei reached them, slammed the ground, and leaned against the sword.

It was a miserable sight.

There was no place on his body that wasn’t wounded, and the water dripping down his body was red, mixed with his blood. And even now, blood was dripping down. As the hem of his clothes turned red, those watching the scene ached.

Namgung Do-Wei’s body shook as he coughed, then struggled to regain his place.

Soon, very slowly, so slowly that it felt like an eternity, Namgung Do-Wei raised his head.

Who would dare look him in the eye?

Even though Namgung Do-Wei looked up, no one could meet his eyes. Everyone lowered their gazes as if they had collectively decided to do so.

Even the Shaolin monks stood like statues, observing the entire situation.

The disciples of the Kongtong, who arrived late, couldn’t do anything.

The beggars of the Beggars Union, who prided themselves on living in the lowest positions and moved by emotions, didn’t move.

No one could look Namgung Do-Wei in the eye.

Even the head of Shaolin, the abbot, turned his gaze to the distant sky.

That was the way it would be for a person. Anyone with even a shred of conscience wouldn’t be able to look into those eyes.

A groan escaped from Namgung Do-Wei.

And after that came a soft, distorted laugh.

No one knew the meaning of the laugh. They could only guess that it contained self-mockery and sadness.

Namgung Do-Wei coughed loudly again and staggered as if he would collapse, but he held the sword tightly and stood tall. Then he took a deep breath.

At that moment, everyone felt terrified.

Whether the words coming out of his mouth were criticism, harsh shouts, or even sarcasm… they couldn’t speak back. They had no choice but to close their eyes and listen.

What would they say if they were Namgung Do-Wei?

The expected words were too painful and too many. They were all painful.

And after that long and short period of suffering… Namgung Do-Wei finally spoke.

They barely resisted the urge to cover their ears at Namgung Do-Wei’s voice.

But what came from his mouth was neither of those.

It was the unexpected word that no one there anticipated.

Everyone who was bowing their heads opened their eyes wide and looked. To check if something was wrong with him.

Naturally, all those eyes met Namgung Do-Wei’s gaze.

There was no expectation or emotion in his eyes. The moment they saw those indifferent eyes, everyone realized what they had done wrong.

And at that moment, Namgung Do-Wei spoke clearly once again.

A voice so clear and emotionless that it was hard to ignore.

“… Where is Mount Hua?”

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.