Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

A heavy silence hung over the riverside.

Some might have felt relieved that Namgung Do-Wei didn’t curse them.

But those who understood the gravity of the situation couldn’t help but clench their fists until they bled.

Shaolin was here. So were the Kongtong and the Beggars Union. Three of the Nine Great Sects that protected Kangho and upheld the laws stood before Namgung Do-Wei, yet he didn’t seek their help.

Those who absolutely must be saved were still trapped on the island, waiting for salvation, but Namgung Do-Wei acted as if they didn’t exist.

Because he had no expectations of them.

This made everyone feel a distinct pain. Being treated this way and having to bow their heads without a word was tearing at their conscience.

Everyone was silent, as if by mutual agreement. They didn’t know, so they couldn’t speak, and even if they did know, they lacked the courage to voice the shame they felt.

Namgung Do-Wei looked at them with cold eyes.

In the end, the abbot spoke in frustration.

“I am truly sorry, young lord.”

The monks knew it was rare for the abbot to show such an expression.

At this moment, the abbot genuinely felt remorse towards Namgung Do-Wei.

The Peng family will arrive soon. Then, we can do what we must to rescue the Namgung family who remain on the island…“

At that moment, Namgung Do-Wei’s voice burst forth, drowning out the abbot’s words.

Namgung Do-Wei’s face twitched. His lips parted with difficulty.

The abbot lowered his head.

Namgung Do-Wei didn’t seek them out. He didn’t ask for their help. Even though the people he needed were standing right in front of him, he didn’t wish or cry out to those closest to him.

‘What right do we have to move?’

The abbot sighed deeply.

“I understand how you feel, but this isn’t the time. Young lord, your late father… no, shouldn’t we save the others for what the Namgung family lord did to help?”

The eyes of the abbot and Namgung Do-Wei met.

The abbot was silent.

Has he ever seen such eyes?

They weren’t eyes that looked at people. They were eyes that looked at roadside rocks. There was no hope, desire, or expectation. It seemed to say that there wasn’t a shred of emotion left.

When there was no answer, Namgung Do-Wei nodded. Then, he began to stagger.

Namgung Do-Wei, using the sword as a cane to support his body, silently walked.

The Shaolin monks stepped aside one by one to make a path. Biting down on their lips and clenching their fists, they boldly opened the way.

Namgung Do-Wei, who was walking there, felt that it wouldn’t be strange if he collapsed at any moment.

“Young Lord! Where are you going?”

The abbot’s voice, soothing at first, grew louder and soon turned to a shout.

But Namgung Do-Wei staggered ahead as if he didn’t hear it.

The abbot, biting his lip, shouted again.

“Do not let your emotions take over! No matter how angry you are, what can Mount Hua in Shaanxi do? Don’t you know what to do to save Namgung?”

Namgung Do-Wei’s steps didn’t stop.

The abbot’s words didn’t touch him.

The indifferent behavior engraved a sin into the hearts of the people.

The abbot, red-faced, trembled.

At that moment, someone spoke. It wasn’t Namgung Do-Wei.

Gentle Crow Beggar, who was watching this, opened his mouth instead of Namgung Do-Wei. No, to be exact, he spoke to Namgung Do-Wei and not the abbot.

“Isn’t too far from here.”

Namgung Do-Wei finally stopped walking and slowly looked back at the Gentle Crow Beggar.

“It is hard to explain.”

He spoke calmly, as if he had made up his mind.

“Come with me. I will guide you there.”

Namgung Do-Wei stared at him, just about to nod.

“Elder! What are you doing”?

The abbot shouted in anger. The Gentle Crow Beggar looked at him with cold eyes.

“I am just telling him because he asked. It isn’t such a big secret.”

“There is no way Mount Hua is here! How can you say that!”

Gentle Crow Beggar looked straight at the abbot and spoke clearly.

“They are not far. They have been here for a long time now.”

“They… they said they wouldn’t get involved in the matters of the Yangtze River! Then how could…”

“They said they wouldn’t help the Nine Great Sects. They are currently helping the refugees of the Yangtze River.”

The abbot was speechless at that. It was the first time he had heard of Mount Hua being there. Looking at him, unable to speak, Gentle Crow Beggar shook his head.

“I cannot say I don’t know when someone asks me what I know, so I will let him know.”

The abbot’s lips trembled.

There was no mistake in what was said. It wasn’t wrong to answer when something was asked. And where Mount Hua was, was no big secret.

But what happened after was the problem.

What if the rumor spread of the Namgung family ignoring the Nine Great Sects and asking Mount Hua’s help?

Could there be anything more tragic than that?

“The Gentle Crow Beggar!”

The abbot’s eyes glared at him with a ghastly face.

“Is this the action that speaks of the decision of the Beggars Union?”

“How can someone who isn’t even the leader, or a full-fledged elder-leader, represent the Beggars Union? It is my will.”

“Do you think an elder of the Beggars Union can follow his own will?”

The abbot spoke in a cold tone. Gentle Crow Beggar closed his eyes for a moment, as if contemplating something, then let out a deep sigh.

In reality, the abbot’s words were correct.

No matter how much he guided Namgung Do-Wei of his own will, as long as he held the status of an elder of the Beggars Union, he had to be cautious. There could be no personal feelings for someone who led countless people.

“As an elder of the Beggars Union, you are not someone who doesn’t know how to behave.”

Gentle Crow Beggar raised his head and looked at the sky.

A heavy silence fell.

Gentle Crow Beggar, who was staring blankly at the night sky without paying attention to the abbot, slowly bowed his head and snickered.

“Then there is no other choice.”

“You have thought right…”

Before the abbot could finish, Gentle Crow Beggar grabbed his shirt and ripped it off.

The abbot was shocked.

Gentle Crow Beggar threw his torn rags on the ground. Among the cloth was the seal symbolizing his rank.

Only the elders could hold Eight Knots.

“G-Gentle Crow Beggar.”

“If I cannot do my job because of that, then I have no choice but to abandon it.”

The Gentle Crow Beggar smiled as if he felt relieved. The abbot looked at him with shock.

“What I do now has nothing to do with the Beggars Union. So don’t go ordering me around. You don’t have the authority to do that.”

With those words, he moved to support Namgung Do-Wei.

“I will guide you, young lord.”

Namgung Do-Wei, who had been silently observing him, nodded. Just as Gentle Crow Beggar was about to take his steps, the Beggars Union members tore their clothes off and ran to support Namgung Do-Wei.

“You… what are you doing! You morons!”

Gentle Crow Beggar glared, but the beggars laughed.

“Elder… no, an old beggar is too old to carry someone on his back for a long distance. Get out of the way now. Don’t let an injured man die before he gets his wish.”

“Tsk. Damn it. I didn’t know that being a beggar would burden me. That’s why I couldn’t live my life the way I wanted.”

Everyone looked relieved.

The beggar pushed Gentle Crow Beggar aside.

“Get out now. Can you not see a person who is injured?”

“Jang Pal, you carry him.”

“Yes, branch… no, hyung.”

Gentle Crow Beggar snickered, watching them compete to help Namgung Do-Wei.

“Such stupid beggars.”

“You continue to be an old beggar then?”

Gentle Crow Beggar shook his head as if he had no answer and turned to the abbot. As expected, his eyes were enraged, but he just stared and shouted.

The beggars carrying Namgung Do-Wei ran ahead like the wind, with no hesitation.

Those left behind stared blankly at those moving away. They didn’t move until the ones moving vanished.

Silence fell again. No one spoke, and they simply bowed their heads.

They knew. They could no longer represent the land of the Central Plains. They could no longer be a place to approach for help.

A chuckle came out of someone, which hurt everyone’s ears. The resentment and guilt mixed together in that short voice were vivid, and the lips were sore.

At that moment, someone burst into laughter.

Beop Gye raised his voice and shouted, but Hae Bang continued to laugh louder.

“Hahahahaha! Isn’t this disgusting! Is this what the abbot wanted?”

“Can you not shut up!”

“What difference would shutting my mouth make?”

Hae Bang didn’t back down and shouted.

“Yes! I am too foolish to understand the meaning! I wish it were such a case! I wish I were too foolish and stupid to follow anything! Please! Please!”

The abbot was struck by the sharp voice filled with anger and looked around helplessly.

No one looked at him. Not one person.

The abbot let out a hollow laugh.

How did it end up like this?

He closed his eyes in despair, and his body felt as if it were falling down a thousand-foot cliff into an endless abyss.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.