Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Arrows rained down relentlessly, sharp harpoons flying continuously from beneath the water.

The place where all of this must converge was none other than the Yangtze River.

The situation was so dire that even the phrase ‘bad conditions’ seemed inadequate, yet the feet of the Mount Hua swordsmen never paused for even a moment.

The boiling blood of the one leading the charge seemed to energize those following behind.

And Namgung Do-Wei, running alongside in this intense flow, was determined not to fall behind.

‘This is Mount Hua.’

The one who understood best how difficult and terrifying it was to confront the pirates on the Yangtze River was Namgung Do-Wei. The terrible wounds on his body were proof of his experiences.

However, the Mount Hua swordsmen were running as if this place were flat ground, swinging their swords even in the obviously difficult and frightening situation.

Was it thanks to the wooden blocks?

At that moment, he accidentally stepped on a wooden block to the side and slipped, but Jo Gul grabbed him and pulled him back up.

“Don’t worry about it and just run ahead! I am here to help!”

But it was definitely not easy to run while stepping precisely on small wooden blocks floating on the flowing river. So, it was not just about running, but maintaining speed! It was definitely something beyond shocking.

If they hadn’t protected him, Namgung Do-Wei would have fallen into the water several times already. However, they were holding Namgung Do-Wei and running while deflecting the pouring arrows and repelling the pirates attacking them.

How was this possible? Just how?

Their skill was awe-inspiring. It was as if they had fought countless fierce battles in such environments and had survived many life-threatening situations in places where normal warriors wouldn’t dare to tread.

Indeed, one could say they were exceptionally skilled.

It was impossible, but they seemed accustomed to such a fighting style. What kind of training did they usually do that would allow people of a similar age to him to show such behavior?

Did he not know the sect called Mount Hua as well as he thought? Or did the world not realize the sect called Mount Hua?

Just by what they have shown so far, the world’s perception of them as a common sword sect of Shaanxi was completely shattered.

Namgung Do-Wei, who had been thinking, bit his lip until it bled.

This part alone shouldn’t be evaluated. Even if everyone in the world paid attention to their skill, Namgung Do-Wei had to see something different.

They knew. The moment they jumped into the river, what kind of battle would they have to fight?

This is why what Namgung Do-Wei had to see was not their strength, but their courage.

The courage to jump into the rain of arrows without hesitation.

The courage to be dragged into the dark water and run into the river, where the pirates swarmed around.

Even if the whole world doesn’t know, Namgung Do-Wei must understand their courage.

‘Even if I have to die, I will not be a burden for you!’

Namgung Do-Wei fiercely swung his sword and struck down the arrows. Chung Myung, who saw that, smiled even under the pouring arrows.

Namgung Do-Wei looked at Chung Myung. Chung Myung smiled and said,

“Follow me with the determination to die!”

Chung Myung’s sword flew in like a ray of light and accurately cut off the necks of the pirates rising from under the water.

At the same time, his gaze turned to the back. He glanced at the Tang family and shouted without hesitation.

No further words were needed.

Namgung Do-Wei couldn’t understand at all, but it seemed like that was alone enough to convey the meaning to him.

Jo Gul, who was running as if escorting Namgung Do-Wei, kicked off a block and leaped up. Then, like a bird targeting a fish, he shot powerfully into the water.

Jo Gul plunged into the water with a splash, resembling a cannonball, and simultaneously, some of the Mount Hua swordsmen sprinting at full speed followed him in.

Without clear instructions, some jumped into the water while others continued running without even glancing back.

‘What, what is that?’

A moment of confusion appeared on Namgung Do-Wei’s face.

Meanwhile, deep in the waters of the Yangtze River.

Oh Cha-hyung quickly ascended towards the surface. Surrounding him were the members of the Black Shark Pirates that he led.

The first unit that attacked Mount Hua had become fish food. They were pierced by the sword qi shooting into the water without even managing a proper harpoon strike. And that wasn’t all. Those who barely managed to surface had their heads cut off without even taking down one opponent.

These people attacked and defended as if they could see right through the water. The reason his body temperature gradually dropped wasn’t simply due to the cold water.

But there was no need to target the difficult enemies. There was more than just the Mount Hua sect there.

‘Tang family morons!’

In a way, the pirates, who had mastered the water arts, were natural enemies of the Sichuan Tang family. Any assassin’s weapon would slow down in water, and no poison would work effectively.

There was no need to fight them in the water. If they could harpoon just one from below and drag them into the depths, the Tang family warriors would be doomed.

As the Tang family finally reached above him, Oh Cha-Hyung’s eyes flashed. When he signaled to attack, the Black Sharks doubled their speed, rising towards the surface like arrows.

‘I will make you regret coming into this river!’

But at that very moment—

A scream echoed even underwater. Oh Cha-Hyung instinctively turned his head and saw one of the Black Shark members foaming at the mouth and trembling.

No, it wasn’t just foam that was coming out.

The blood flowing from the side dyed the river red.

When on earth did he get attacked?

The question was resolved soon.

Oh Cha-Hyung stared blankly at the unbelievable sight, his eyes wide open.

Behind his subordinates, who were sinking into the water, the Mount Hua warriors in black were rushing towards them with astonishing speed.

Mount Hua was a mountain in Shaanxi. In other words, they had no connection with water in their entire lives.

But the movements of those he was seeing before his eyes were so fast that it was hard to believe they hadn’t been trained in water arts.

And at that moment, the sword of the young man charging ahead split the water like a ray of light. The unbelievable swiftness of the sword, which was hard to imagine in the water, swung and pierced the throat of Oh Cha-Hyung in an instant.

Along with the pain that overwhelmed him, the river water rushed into the hole in his nose. The feeling of heading towards death was more disgusting and vivid than he could have imagined.

The sword twisted inside his neck. It was pulled out after tearing open the wound and leaving an unhealed mark.

Oh Cha-Hyung’s body slowly began to sink deep into the water.

The last thing Oh Cha-Hyung saw in his fading consciousness was the proud smile hanging on the lips of the young swordsman who was passing by above him.

The true value of the training they had done in the valley of Mount Hua, swinging the sword as if their lives depended on it, was displayed on the Yangtze River. Compared to the deep, swirling valley, the wide waves of the Yangtze were nothing to them.

Led by Jo Gul, the swordsmen guarded the lower side of the Tang family and swung their sharp swords at the pirates.

Baek Cheon charged ahead.

Rather than cutting down the pirates who occasionally stabbed at him with harpoons one by one, he focused on avoiding and jumping over them without slowing down. He knew that when a group of this size runs in a line, if the leader’s speed slows down, everyone will get entangled.

And no matter what happened, he could never stop. The lives of the people of the Namgung family and his sajaes were at his feet now!

That was the moment.

With a deafening roar, something flew towards Baek Cheon at an incredible speed.

‘White Thunder Cannon?’

Baek Cheon could clearly see the shells flying through the air. But before he could even make a choice, someone jumped and moved towards the shells.

The one who rose to the shell swung the sword and dodged the incoming shells.

The moment Baek Cheon shouted his name instinctively, Baek Sang flew to another shell.

Baek Sang’s sword slashed down another shell!

“Keep going, sahyung!”

“How dare you give me orders, morons!”

Baek Cheon grinned and ran ahead.

But the pirates were not going to give up so easily. The approaching pirate ship turned and aimed at them. The muzzle of the cannon on the deck kept firing.

Just as anger flashed across Baek Cheon’s face.

No further words were needed.

Baek Cheon instinctively twisted his waist and took the stance to swing the sword, but not with the blade, but rather with the blade’s body!

Then, something flew from behind like a flying squirrel and placed a heavy weight onto the sword. Before the sensation could even reach his head, Baek Cheon swung the sword with all his might and sent the object on top of the sword flying far away.

A single ray of black light flew across the waters of the Yangtze River.

The pirates were terrified as they saw something flying toward them like a cannonball.

The human cannonball that Baek Cheon launched soon landed like a meteor on the deck of the ship, which had been firing shells.

The solid wooden deck shattered like tofu, and the splintered wood flew in all directions.

Before the flying pieces of wood could even hit the floor, an eerie black aura cut through the pirates on the deck.

Red blood splashed on the wood, shooting up into the sky. The blood of the pirates left dark stains on Chung Myung’s face as he cut them down.

Chung Myung, having brushed the blood off his sword blade, turned his gaze to the pirates who met his eyes. The moment their eyes met, Chung Myung’s lips twisted, revealing his pure white teeth.

His voice seemed to carry the scent of blood.

“This is the fight you started.”

Chung Myung, having kicked off the deck, charged into the midst of the pirates. Dozens of heads rose into the air, and blood gushed all around the ship and into the Yangtze River.

It was the moment when Mount Hua’s Demon, who had terrified the demons of the Demonic Cult, appeared on the Yangtze River.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.