Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

No strategist could turn back the tide of a battlefield that had already collapsed.

If that were possible, why would strategists from ancient times study ways to escape with minimal casualties? It was common sense in strategy.

However, this was Kangho. It was a place where different elements of the general military strategy were at work.

The Black Dragon King took a step.

It was just a single step, but to those watching, it felt as if the Black Dragon King was crushing the land.

Overwhelming spirit and intimidation.

It was a battle that proved why such a person was called an absolute warrior.

The battlefield that had been swirling like a stormy sea suddenly stopped moving.

The pirates, the Tang family, and even Mount Hua.

They could only stare at the Black Dragon King walking on the blood-soaked ground as if they were possessed.

His appearance reminded them of a divine general who had descended from the heavens. But the voice that came out of his mouth was surely not divine.

The moment his seething voice flowed out of his mouth, the pirates all shrank their necks.

The absolute warrior can change the flow of the battlefield just by existing.

Without the Black Dragon King, the pirates were nothing more than a group of plunderers. However, the moment the Black Dragon King was added to them, they became part of the Shenzhou Five Sects and the Yangtze River’s 18 river families, one of the four in the Four Precepts Alliance.

The Black Dragon King, who had been looking at his subordinates as if they were trash, fixed his gaze on Mount Hua.

“These little bastards dare to…”

His feet trampled the ground as if he wanted to break it.

“You dare to act so fearlessly in front of me?”

His tone was no different from that of a ruffian.

However, the Black Dragon King demonstrated with his very presence that it wasn’t the tone or volume of his voice that commanded authority but his essence.

The voice, filled with incredible internal qi, rang out as if it would burst their eardrums.

The moment his crescent blade shook menacingly, Mount Hua’s swordsmen flinched and gripped their swords tightly.

They couldn’t even hear what he was saying.

What they felt was the terrifying aura emanating from the Black Dragon King.

‘Black Dragon King.’

Yoon Jong gritted his teeth.

He had already seen the Black Dragon up close in the past. But at that time, he had been too focused on Jang Ilso and the Ten Thousand People Clan to truly feel the presence of the Black Dragon King.

What could he say about the Black Dragon King standing right in front of him?

He felt an indescribable sense of discomfort.

That was the basic perception of those who wielded a sword.

Respect for the strong.

Those who honed themselves day by day and climbed the steep cliff of murim naturally came to respect those stronger than them.

This was because they could guess the effort and sweat that must have gone into achieving such skills. That was why they secretly hoped for it.

Those who dared to add the word ‘absolute’ before their calling were said to possess the minimum level of dignity for it.

The Black Dragon King was different.

This man did not even possess the minimum level of dignity that a warrior with the title ‘absolute’ should have. He was coercive, akin to a gangster who believed he could accomplish anything with his power.

But… Yoon Jong realized this anew.

How fearsome a person who ignored morality and law was.

He didn’t hesitate to show off his strength and didn’t find it difficult to coerce others. His extreme brutality even brought about nausea.

At the same time, he couldn’t help but realize how the man could perfectly control his large number of pirates just by his presence.

“You have done a great job.”

The mocking Black Dragon King shouted as if spitting fire.

“I will make you regret coming to this island on your own two feet in hell! I will tear you all to pieces and throw you as fish food!”

At that moment, Baek Cheon raised his body while supporting the sword he had stuck in the ground.

He spat out the blood that had filled his mouth and glared at the Black Dragon King with killing intent.

“At least if you are the lord of a sect.”

A voice flowed out as sharp as the blade.

“You should know how to protect those who will follow you, you bastard!”

Namgung Do-Wei, despite still being a young lord, risked everything he had to save his family. He didn’t even hesitate to throw his life into the river.

But the lord of the pirates threw his blade through the backs of his subordinates?

This was something Baek Cheon could never forgive. His anger surged.

He stood up to the Evil Sects and helped Namgung because he was in danger. To be blunt, his resentment was directed at Jang Ilso, not the Black Dragon King.

However, after witnessing such an unjust sight, Baek Cheon could never forgive the Black Dragon King.

But the Black Dragon King laughed loudly, looking at Baek Cheon.

“Right. There were quite a few. People like you who talk nonsense in front of me.”

Although he spoke slowly, his strong voice and force made it feel even more intimidating.

“What do you think happened to them?”

Baek Cheon bit his lips tightly as if he would never be pushed back by the Black Dragon King’s force.

“They were all thrown into that blue river. That moron Emperor’s Sword or something.”

When Namgung Hwang’s name was mentioned to the survivors of the Namgung family, their eyes turned red. The sound of teeth grinding could be heard all around. It seemed like they would rush at the Black Dragon King at any moment.

But even with that great anger, they couldn’t move. They knew that rushing at the Black Dragon King in a fit of anger would be nothing more than a dog’s death. They understood that such a death would be an insult to the lord, who tried to protect them.

“Dogs who don’t know how scary the world is will bark as they want. Come here, you damned Taoist. I will tear that mouth of yours open!”

Tang Gunak furrowed his brows.

To put it bluntly, their current situation wasn’t good. They had come to the island on their own feet and found themselves surrounded.

If they had kept their momentum till the end, they might have done things differently, but since the Black Dragon King’s appearance had stopped them, there was nothing left but a fierce fight.

There was just one way to regain their momentum.

‘Should I step forward?’

The burden on Mount Hua is heavy. Mount Hua had indeed become surprisingly strong, but facing the Black Dragon King alone would be another matter.

Especially on a battlefield like this where there could be no defeat.

What were the odds of winning?

The results of those who have reached a certain level could only be known after competing. The only thing one could gain from it was glory or death.

Tang Gunak made up his mind. His martial arts weren’t complete yet. Given the Tang family’s weakness in close combat, fighting someone as strong as the Black Dragon King would surely be a burden on him.

But now was the time for him to step ahead. The lord of the Sichuan Tang family couldn’t just stay in this situation.

It was the moment he was about to step ahead.

“Ah, but these days, kids are….”

A voice suddenly came from somewhere, and Tang Gunak’s gaze turned.

Chung Myung slowly stepped forward, his sword glowing with blue qi, resting on his shoulder.

“Mount Hua’s Sword Saint.”

“I’m saying this because I don’t understand.”

He walked with an indifferent expression and stood half a step in front of Baek Cheon.

“Why are you all shaking your heads like this? To someone who’s nothing?”

Baek Cheon looked at Chung Myung’s back, speechless.

Who in the world would dare say something like that in front of the Black Dragon King? This was something that neither the Shaolin abbot nor Jang Ilso would say.

‘But this kid is doing it.’

Because he was Chung Myung.

Right, he was Chung Myung.

And it seemed that even the Black Dragon King had heard of this guy’s infamy.

The Black Dragon King stared at Chung Myung, who had stepped forward and then spoke.

“You are a face I remember. Right, you were definitely that Mount Hua’s Sword Saint.”

“Ah, I know you too. You are that Black Dragon King.”

The Black Dragon King closed his mouth as if speechless for a moment, then burst into laughter.

After laughing for a while, he shook his head and then suddenly turned serious.

“Kid, hiding your fear by using bragging isn’t a bad idea, but that doesn’t work on me. But don’t worry, if you get your head cut off and thrown into the river, you’ll be able to hide those pee-soaked pants.”

The Black Dragon King growled. Then Chung Myung snickered.

“The world has really turned into a better place.”

“This Evil Sect brat is even opening his mouth in front of me.”

The Black Dragon King’s eyes were bewildered at that.

After becoming a leader in the Shenzhou five sects and earning the title of Black Dragon King… no, even before that.

Has he ever heard someone say something like that?

The Black Dragon King’s eyes began to shine with ferocious killing intent.

“This… a guy who doesn’t even know his place and thinks he is great just because he clashed with that guy, Jang Ilso, on the Yangtze River.”

“You shouldn’t talk about someone else’s past embarrassments. When I think about that time, I still kick the blanket off my bed, you bastard.”

Chung Myung twisted his neck from side to side. He seemed upset, recalling bad memories.

“The more I think about it, the more I try to endure it.”

He snickered as if he found it funny.

“Even those insignificant guys talking nonsense now.”

“And I have to watch it.”

Chung Myung bared his teeth.

Today, Mount Hua proved how strong they had become on the Yangtze River. What they left behind on the Yangtze River would be passed down to the world through everyone’s mouths.

So now it was Chung Myung’s turn to show it.

What he had accomplished in the past three years.

“That is the end of the joke.”

The Black Dragon King took heavy steps toward Chung Myung, exuding a killing intent. Blade qi flowed like ink from the blade.

“You can all attack me at once. I will make sure you know why I am called the Black Dragon King.”

Soon, an incredible amount of power exploded from his body.

Everyone’s face turned pale at his power. The pirates retreated without even raising their heads properly due to the oppressive feeling that seemed to strangle their necks.

Regardless of the dignity, the Black Dragon King’s force as a warrior was clear. It was as if he had embodied the path of blade arts in his body.

Everyone couldn’t help but feel tired.

Except for one person.

“Well, are the Evil Sect bastards stupid? They just never seem to understand what I am saying.”

Only Chung Myung calmly flicked the sword on his shoulder opposite the Black Dragon King.

“It might be too much for an Evil Sect bastard, but I will teach you something special now.”

His lips twisted, revealing sharp fangs like those of a wolf.

“Know that it is glory, kid.”

Chung Myung slowly lowered his sword from his shoulder and aimed it at the Black Dragon King, who was acting wildly.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.