Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

Namgung Myung’s face, as he watched the situation, was filled with confusion.

Who was fighting whom?

His eyes trembled as he stared at the back of the man standing in front of everyone.

Of course, this man was different from the typical skilled warriors of sects he was familiar with. He, too, acknowledged that.

Not just Namgung Myung, but in the current murim world, there would be no one who considered Mount Hua’s Sword Saint, a common skilled warrior. If there was still someone like that in this murim world, they would either be an idiot who doesn’t understand how the world works or a fool envious of someone’s shining reputation.

Even Namgung Do-Wei, considered one of the top skilled warriors of sects and objectively possessing the potential to be one of the best lords of the Namgung family, would appear shabby compared to Mount Hua’s Sword Saint.

Mount Hua’s Sword Saint was on a different level.

Namgung Myung’s gaze moved past him and landed on the Black Dragon King.

‘That depends on the opponent too, right?’

Everything in the world was relative. Just as Namgung Do-Wei’s fame and skills paled in front of Mount Hua’s Sword Saint, even more so did Mount Hua’s Sword Saint’s fame seemed diminished before the Black Dragon King’s name.

It was only natural.

The title of Mount Hua’s Sword Saint simply embodied respect for the sword technique he had demonstrated and the expectations for where his sword would reach in the future. If he had to add one more thing, it would be praise for the path Chung Myung took.

But not the Black Dragon King.

He was not respected by the world but was someone who had built a reputation that everyone in the world recognized just by how many he had killed.

Namgung Myung glared at the Black Dragon King with red eyes.

Even the lord of the Namgung family, Emperor’s Sword Namgung Hwang, was unable to gain the upper hand in the fierce battle with the Black Dragon King. No, didn’t he end up surrendering to the clutches of the Black Dragon King?

Although Namgung Myung hated the Black Dragon King more than anyone else, there was no denying that the Black Dragon King was one of the strongest men in the world.

Was Mount Hua’s Sword Saint really going to face the Black Dragon King?

‘This is beyond insane.’

No matter how many times he thought about it, the only image he could conjure was Mount Hua’s Sword Saint being torn to shreds by the blade of the Black Dragon King.

‘But why isn’t anyone stopping him! Just why!’

Even though Mount Hua’s Sword Saint, who was only one of the Third Class disciples, went out to face the Black Dragon King alone, none of Mount Hua’s disciples tried to stop him.

They just lowered their swords and silently stood behind him.

Namgung Myung made a judgment based on common sense. This was the Mount Hua sect, incredibly strong and full of determination, but they still lacked the experience to understand the power of the Black Dragon King.

An absolute warrior was by no means common. It would not be strange if Mount Hua, who had lost the precious glory that should have existed, did not comprehend the power of the Black Dragon King.

But if that were the case…

Namgung Myung looked at Tang Gunak.

‘Why is the lord silent?’

If there was anyone who should stand up against the Black Dragon King here, it would naturally be Tang Gunak. Of course, the prestige of the Poison King was slightly inferior to the great name of the Black Dragon King, but even so, wasn’t he the head of the Tang family? At least, he had the same ‘level’ as the Black Dragon King.

However, even though he must have clearly felt Namgung Myung’s gaze, Tang Gunak just watched the confrontation between Chung Myung and the Black Dragon King with a blank expression.

Namgung Myung grew more and more confused.

They really intended to use Mount Hua’s Sword Saint as the opponent to the Black Dragon King.

That could not happen.

That man would definitely become a symbol to the murim world in the future. They couldn’t just let someone like that die here at the behest of such a ruthless person.

At least Namgung Myung was not shameless enough to watch the death of someone who risked his life for them.

Namgung Myung gritted his teeth and tried to step forward. There was no way he could be a match for the Black Dragon King, but if he fought without backing down, he might be able to turn the tide of the battlefield a little.

But it was right then.

Someone grabbed him by the shoulder.

Namgung Myung turned around in surprise and saw Namgung Do-Wei, who had come to his senses, grabbing his shoulder. Namgung Do-Wei opened his pale lips.

He covered his mouth and coughed, wiping the blood from his mouth with his sleeve. His sharp eyes focused on Chung Myung’s back.

Namgung Myung looked at him with a blank expression.

He could see the firm trust in his eyes. He blankly looked around, and only then did he see everyone’s eyes.

‘They are not just watching….’

They were all like Namgung Do-Wei. Their eyes were free of any doubt. Everyone was looking at him with eyes of trust.

Not just the disciples of Mount Hua but also the Tang family and even Tang Gunak.

What did they even see in Mount Hua’s Sword Saint?

What did they see that made them trust him without even a shred of doubt in this situation? And against that Black Dragon King.

“… are you saying that he will defeat the Black Dragon King?”

Namgung Myung’s lips trembled at the unbelievable answer.

“Have you seen the man’s skills?”

“… I don’t know precisely.”

Namgung Do-Wei smiled faintly.

“Because they are watching.”

He was referring to the Five Swords and the Mount Hua disciples.

They had only been together on a short journey, but he could feel how much they cared for one another. They wouldn’t hesitate to give up their lives for each other.

And yet, these people were looking at Chung Myung without a waver in their eyes.

Then what could he doubt Chung Myung for?

‘Can I be like that too?’

Namgung Do-Wei looked at the back of Chung Myung, standing firmly in front of everyone.

Would he ever be able to lead people with just his presence and not a sword, like Chung Myung?

He clenched his fists slowly, then stared at Chung Myung’s back as if engraving it into his memory.

The wind of the Yangtze River blew between Chung Myung and the Black Dragon King.

The scene surrounding them had changed quite strangely.

Those standing behind the Black Dragon King were all keeping their distance from him. Even though no one had told them to, they had been slowly moving back on their own and naturally went far.

But the place where Chung Myung stood was different.

Those standing behind Chung Myung did not retreat even a single step from where they had first been. They were all glaring at the Black Dragon King from behind as if they were going to fight together.

The Black Dragon King held his sword tightly.

‘I don’t like this.’

The sight of the kid stepping ahead to fight was scratching his pride.

In addition, the eyes of the people behind him were also unpleasant.

Did they really think the young brat could be an opponent for him?

‘Well, this is good.’

The feeling was secondary.

The Black Dragon King knew how important the flow of the battlefield was. Those young swordsmen of Mount Hua were stronger than he thought, and the Tang family was always a difficult opponent.

If they gained momentum, even if they were to annihilate them, the damage to the pirates would increase exponentially. In order to minimize the damage, he had to completely break down their morale.

They had to show off how strong he was in front of them and break off their will to fight back. And in order to do that…

‘Just killing him won’t do.’

The Black Dragon King’s eyes, filled with a vicious aura, looked at him.

He would tear that bastard who dared to come forward to pieces and show everyone who he was. Not just them, but also Jang Ilso, who was leisurely watching from the distant ship!

“You will regret in hell for daring to stand before me…”

That was the moment.

Chung Myung’s form, who had been glaring at him with the sword pointed, disappeared from sight in an instant.

Reflexively drawing up the internal qi, the Black Dragon King drew the sword and covered his neck. It was in instinctive action created by countless battle experiences.

And that one move saved the Black Dragon King.

The Black Dragon King’s crescent blade barely blocked Chung Myung’s sword, which moved like a ghost.

Kakakg! Kakakagak! Kakakak!

A chilling sound echoed as the thin sword pushed against the incredibly thick blade.

The eyes of the Black Dragon King fluttered.

If he had delayed his reaction by even a moment, that sword would have surely sliced his neck. But what was making the Black Dragon King’s entire body sweat wasn’t the sense of crisis that his entire life was in danger.

As he pushed ahead roughly as if he was going to cut off the Black Dragon King’s throat, Chung Myung’s expression was eerily indifferent.

Goosebumps ran down the Black Dragon King’s spine as he observed, feeling an inexplicable chill.

The sword, with tremendous force, pressed down on his blade. Startled by the pain in his twisted wrist, the Black Dragon King let out a beastly roar.

Reflexively, he drew up his qi, pushing the sword forward with all his might.

But at that moment, the Black Dragon King saw it.

Just before he pushed the sword away, Chung Myung’s sword moved aside precisely as if he anticipated the move.

As if time had slowed down, he saw everything clearly.

His sword pushed with all his might, was now moving in vain, striking only empty space where the sword no longer existed.

Chung Myung, having easily let his strength dissipate, closed in on the Black Dragon King’s side.

The moment he saw those eyes, dazzling because they held no emotion, the Black Dragon King stopped thinking and threw his body to the side with all his might.

It was a technique of incredible speed, unmatched by his large body.

In the blink of an eye, he moved more than ten steps away, thick beads of sweat running down his chin.

He raised one hand blankly, looking at his left hand, now covered in white sand.

While jumping, his hand had touched the ground, and the sweat on it had filled his palm with traces of humiliation, sticking the sand to it.

The Black Dragon King, staring at his hand as if possessed, then looked at his side. His robe, a symbol of his status, and the armor beneath it were neatly split open as if cut from the start.

The cut between them was wide enough to fit a finger.

The Black Dragon King raised his head and saw the back of the human who had lowered his sword.

Before he could fully register the discomfort creeping into his mind and the fear emanating from the human, Chung Myung slowly turned to face the Black Dragon King.

His cold voice pierced the silence. However, even colder than Chung Myung’s voice was his gaze as he stared at the Black Dragon King.

“You could have died without pain.”

A drop of sweat ran down the Black Dragon King’s chin and fell onto the blood pooled on the ground.

That faint sound echoed across Plum Blossom Island, which was enveloped in a terrible silence.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.