Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

It was a truly magnificent sight.

The black and red shards of qi spread out in all directions like firecrackers as if giant red and black flowers were blooming in the air. The sight was not only magnificent but almost mesmerizing at the same time.

But it was also extremely dangerous.

The explosive qi covered Plum Blossom Island at an incredible speed and flew away. Each piece of the blade qi, as sharp as a sword, rained down like a storm.

The pirates were helplessly pierced by the sword qi.

Since each of them was not of a high level, there was no way for them to avoid the qi pouring down from above their heads.

The pirates, pierced all around, were screaming in despair.

But the situation on the other side, for Mount Hua, was entirely different.

“Protect the Namgung!”

As soon as Hyung Jong gave the order, the swordsmen of Mount Hua jumped into the air and repelled the flying sword qi. In the process, the plum blossoms that bloomed dyed one side of the island red.

Tang Gunak also swung his dagger and struck out the blade qi. Then he stared blankly at Mount Hua, who was blocking and protecting him.

The Tang family was a sect with clear strengths and weaknesses, as its nature suggested. It was better than any other sect in attacking the enemies but was extremely vulnerable to defense due to their sect’s feature of using assassination weapons, which were short.

Mount Hua already knew that and was protecting not just the Namgung family but also the Tang family.

Such an odd feeling.

Who would have thought the day would come when a sect with past glories would start protecting them?

Tang Gunak’s gaze went beyond the swordsmen of Mount Hua and went far toward the two people who were starting to clash again through their explosive qi.

He could clearly see the sword and the blade clashing.

Every time they clashed and fell, there was a deafening noise. And then, as soon as they fell, they clashed fiercely again.

The sword and the blade, which had been pushing each other back strongly, collided in an instant.

The Black Dragon King’s crescent blade split the air. The black-colored blade sent a straight line of qi towards Chung Myung.

A single, honest blow with no deviation. But that was why it was fast and even more destructive.

The tip of Chung Myung’s sword began to tremble madly. The endless stream of plum blossoms pushed aside the flying dark blade qi.

The blade qi crashed into the ground, and sand shot up into the air like a fountain. If someone had seen the deep scar left on the ground later, they would never have believed it was a mark made by a blade.

However, there was no sign of victory on the face of the Black Dragon King, who had created this great mark.

The Black Dragon King swung his blade, his throat about to burst, one after another. The dozens of blade qi he launched flew toward Chung Myung, aiming to engulf him.

Each of them had enough power to crush a large number of pirate ships, yet the Black Dragon King unleashed them as if breathing.

He had truly become the leader of a great sect like the Yangtze River Pirates with just his strength. It was truly an amazing strength.

Like ink spreading on a canvas, the blade qi spread out clearly for Chung Myung.

However, even after seeing that terrifying sight, Chung Myung didn’t step back but instead jumped towards the blade qi flying at him.

The moment the ink-colored blade qi was about to cover him, Chung Myung, who had been rushing towards them, disappeared from the spot as if extinguished.

No, he did not disappear.

Chung Myung bent down as much as he could, digging under the blade qi. He stabbed his sword into the ground and kicked his feet simultaneously, his body moving faster than before.

The blade qi passed right over Chung Myung’s head. Severed hair scattered in all directions. If it had been even an inch off, his head would have been cut off. Yet, Chung Myung, rushing ahead, showed no hesitation.

A vivid killing intent flowed from his eyes as he flew like a swallow over water.

The Black Dragon King didn’t miss the chance and leaped forward in a breath. At the same time, his blade forcefully struck Chung Myung, who had lowered his body.

The incredible qi of that path seemed enough to turn everything in its way to dust.

But at that moment, Chung Myung’s eyes shone.

He kicked the ground and soared towards the descending blade. Then, he placed one hand on the sword’s body and pushed it up with both hands to block the approaching blade with the sword’s flat side.

The Black Dragon King’s eyes shone with anger upon seeing that sight.

‘This fucking dog-like bastard!’

He squeezed out all his strength and pushed into the blade. He pressed down with all his might, determined to cut down Chung Myung right there.

The Black Dragon King saw it clearly. The sword blocking his blade was bent as if it would break at any moment. Blood splashed from Chung Myung’s palm, which pressed against the sword’s body, and his wrist was slowly twisting.

His back bent slightly backward as if it would break, and blood dripped from his mouth.

It all happened in a split second.

But his blade, not yet finished with its attack, kept going. Just by pressing down like this, he would finally kill the kid by splitting him in two!

It was the very moment when the Black Dragon King was trying to punish Chung Myung’s absurdity by drawing out his internal qi.

Chung Myung’s knee, which had converted all flexibility from his body into an offensive attack, mercilessly slammed into the wrist of the Black Dragon King, who was holding down the blade.

The first suppressed groan broke through the lips of the Black Dragon King.

At the very moment when the qi he had pulled up was about to flow into the blade, Chung Myung aimed his knee right at the wrist to block the path of the qi flow.

Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!

The knee, which flew in successively, continued to strike the wrist, which was already half split, and the bone exploded.

The Black Dragon King finally let out a single scream and flew back.

However, the one he was dealing with was a demon who never knew how to let go of his enemy.

Chung Myung’s sword spun around and entangled the retreating Black Dragon King’s blade. Chung Myung, who charged in response, spun around, showing his blood-soaked teeth.

The sword qi, which was shot out from close range, sliced the Black Dragon King’s ankle bone. Before he could groan at the pain that came from his foot, another sword qi flew in from under his body and slashed at his face.

Like a sharp blade peeling off the skin of a fruit, the sword qi flew into his face and cut from his chin to his eyes.

In an instant, one side of the Black Dragon King’s vision turned blood red.

The Black Dragon King, who was shouting in a way that was hard to tell whether it was a shout or a scream, swung his blade down with terrifying force.

At that moment, five plum blossoms bloomed right in front of his blade.

The fiercely swung blade literally crushed the insignificant flower, but the brief gap created in the process allowed Chung Myung’s body to pass him by.

The eerie sensation of the side of his ankle being cut spread through him.

The Black Dragon King somehow managed to keep his body from swaying and turning. At the same time, he spun around and slashed his blade with all his might toward Chung Myung, who was moving away.

“This fucking dogggg!”

The explosive blade qi poured down like a raging storm toward Chung Myung’s back. Anyone familiar with martial arts would be shocked at the sheer power of the attack. But at that moment, Chung Myung turned around and raised his sword.

A powerful downward strike continued from his upper body.

As a clear red line was drawn in the empty space where nothing existed, the blade qi split to the left and right like a thousand-year-old tree being cut down.

Plum blossoms bloomed one after another from the tip of Chung Myung’s sword, which descended downward. They wrapped around the Dark Fragrant Plum Blossom Sword and soon rose up.

At that moment, the Black Dragon King saw it.

The sight of the Plum Blossom qi, which had swelled like a wave above the blade qi, poured down toward him like a waterfall.

Plum Blossom Sword Form, Plum Blossom Flowing Like a River.

The overflowing enhanced qi covered the blade qi, pushed it, and continued to move, flowing onward.

The river of red petals surged toward the Black Dragon King like a stream swollen by heavy rain.

The Black Dragon King bit his lips. A crackling sound echoed in his ears, and blood splashed from his torn lips, but he felt no pain.

His bloodshot eyes drew out all his remaining qi.

He stepped forward and swung the blade, advancing ahead. The river of plum blossoms that poured in crashed into his blade, shattering, crumbling, and bouncing back.

The Black Dragon King took another step.

Swirling black qi broke through the red qi and advanced toward Chung Myung.

He squeezed out all his strength.

The Black Dragon King, who had spent his entire life in the world of competition, had an intuition at that moment. The one who got pushed there would definitely be the one to die. It was a match where strength met strength, and internal qi clashed with internal qi. It was a spar where he could never afford to be pushed back.

His vision had been hazy for a long time.

The sea of petals around him, the storm of blade qi he had created, had already obscured his sight. Moreover, with one of his eyes cut, he could only see half the vision, unable to perceive beyond the clash of qi.

But he didn’t really need to see. His enemy would be at the end of the river of petals! The moment he took his last step and severed his opponent’s neck that would be his victory!

Blood gushed out from the Black Dragon King’s mouth and nose. The qi he had gathered and pulled up circulated explosively through his body and halted at the tip of his blade.

The Black Dragon King’s blade accelerated. Faster, stronger! His blade, which had become a storm that would swallow everything, literally slammed down and exploded the pouring plum blossom sword qi.

His mind gradually emptied. Despite the pain of his dantian being pierced by the sharp blade, the Black Dragon King firmly stepped forward.

And at that moment, the force of the pouring plum blossom sword qi suddenly loosened.

The Black Dragon King squeezed out all his qi and charged ahead. No, he tried to do so.

At that moment, Chung Myung jumped out from the plum blossoms.

It was a surprise that the Black Dragon King would never have missed. But for the first time, he had to fight with just one eye instead of two, and he noticed Chung Myung’s presence a little later than usual.

The Black Dragon King swung his blade with all his might.

It didn’t matter if it was a little late! When that guy stabbed the sword into his body, his blade would split the guy’s waist…

All the muscles in his feet snapped.

The foot, which Chung Myung had cut a moment ago, couldn’t withstand the force of the Black Dragon King.

His body, which had been swinging the qi fiercely, staggered for a moment.

Chung Myung swung his sword with all his might and struck down the blade of the Black Dragon King. At that moment, the Black Dragon King heard it clearly—the eerie sound of his wrist breaking after enduring so much.

A persistently aimed wrist.

Chung Myung, who took advantage of the shock from the clash with the sword, rushed forward instead.

The moment he met those cold, cold eyes, the Black Dragon King realized it.

‘You were aiming for this from the start…?’

The sunset rainbow weapon, which seemed like it would cut down everything in the world, poured down towards the neck of the Black Dragon King.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.