Tap the text to show or hide reading controls.

It wasn’t particularly overwhelming.

The majority of those occupying Plum Blossom Island were pirates, but they had already lost their momentum. On the other hand, the disciples of Mount Hua and the Tang family, who had dug into them, were pressuring Jang Ilso around Hyun Jong with a stern attitude.

In short, it was Jang Ilso who was surrounded.

Nevertheless, the moment he faced Jang Ilso, Hyun Jong felt as if his body was being swept away by a typhoon.

He had already felt this sensation once during the initiation of the Heavenly Friends Alliance in the past.

But the sensation he felt now was even greater and more intense than before. It was enough to make him wonder if he could face Jang Ilso.

The leader of the Heavenly Friends Alliance. And the sect leader of Mount Hua.

That name clearly deserved to stand alone with the leader of the Four Precepts Alliance. However, as a warrior, Hyun Jong felt too small to face Jang Ilso.

That was why he remained silent.

When Jang Ilso, who had entered Plum Blossom Island alone and confidently, tried to negotiate with Chung Myung instead of him, Hyun Jong simply remained silent. That was because he felt it was more appropriate.

However… Chung Myung sent Jang Ilso in front of him. As if it was Hyun Jong who had to deal with him.

‘Chung Myung told the kids over and over again.’

Those who hold swords must know the weight of the swords in their hands. They must never forget that what they hold in their hands is a weapon meant to take people’s lives.

That obvious statement struck Hyun Jong once again.

Chung Myung said he was the sword of Mount Hua.

If he was the sword, it must be the sharpest sword in the world. If so, Hyun Jong, who held that sword in his hand, must also know its weight.

Hyun Jong glanced at Chung Myung. He was still looking at him with an unwavering gaze.

‘I guess that means I, too, must be qualified enough to hold that sword.’

That was probably not what Chung Myung intended. But at least Hyun Jong felt it that way. That was the burden he had felt all along.

Now, Mount Hua was by no means the same sect as it used to be.

For him, who had acquired the excessive position of Sect Leader of Mount Hua by simply enduring, it was only natural that he wished for something more than the past.

‘Can I handle it, though?’

It wasn’t just Chung Myung. The sword called Baek Cheon, the sword called Yu Yiseol, the sword called Yoon Jong, and Jo Gul… did he really have the ability to properly wield all those swords of Mount Hua?

There was nothing in the world more scary than a blindly wielded sword. To hold a sword that wasn’t suitable for one’s ability was perhaps close to a curse. To him and to the sword in his hand.

Before he could answer all such questions, Jang Ilso opened his mouth.

“Is it okay to call you Alliance Leader? Or…?”

“Sect Leader is enough.”

Hyun Jong drew the line.

There was the Tang family there. The moment the title turned to Alliance Leader, the choice of Hyun Jong would determine the Tang family’s will. That was not what Hyun Jong wanted.

However, at that moment, Jang Ilso smiled.

“Humility is a good thing.”

“If it isn’t cowardice.”

Hyun Jong closed his eyes tightly.

If the person standing there had been the abbot, he might have felt insulted by those words. If it had been Namgung Hwang, he would have been furious, and even Tang Gunak, who rarely showed any emotions, would have been displaying killing intent.

However, ironically, Hyun Jong didn’t feel any anger towards such words from Jang Ilso. He had been through too much to feel humiliated by Jang Ilso’s words, and the gap between him and Jang Ilso was too big. Rather, that was why he could be calm.

“My capacity is not that great.”

Jang Ilso raised his eyebrows at that calm voice. It seemed as if he had not expected that answer at all.

After staring at Hyun Jong silently for a while, he slowly nodded his head.

“… okay, sect leader.”

There was not a hint of hostility in Jang Ilso’s smiling face.

Some might feel it was a pretense, and others might be wary of the sinisterness hidden in that smile. However, Hyun Jong accepted that smile as it was.

Jang Ilso was a person who wasn’t aware of Hyun Jong’s very existence. There was no need for such a person to show hostility towards Hyun Jong.

It was familiar to Hyun Jong.

Before Chung Myung came in, when he was the sajil to the then-sect leader, those who met him always smiled. Human hostility started with threats. It was also human to be infinitely gentle towards people who were not a threat.

That was why Hyun Jong felt that smile was both appropriate and painful.

“As the leader of the Four Precepts Alliance, I formally request the sect leader of Mount Hua. Please show mercy to the Black Dragon King, a leader in the Four Precepts Alliance who is being subdued by Mount Hua.”

Hyun Jong’s knees shook at the words of Jang Ilso.

He turned his gaze slightly as if trying to find an answer, but Chung Myung held no expression. Chung Myung, who usually tried to convey his intentions through his expression whenever he had a choice, was not there. He just looked at Hyun Jong with an expressionless face that didn’t suit him.

As if he had made a decision and was just carrying it out, he held the sword to the throat of the Black Dragon King.

Hyun Jong took a deep breath and stared at Jang Ilso.

“I will ask you just what my disciple has asked.”

“Why should we release the Black Dragon King?”

“The reason is quite simple.”

Jang Ilso stared at Hyun Jong with a slightly dark gaze.

“Because that is the only way for Mount Hua, the Tang family, and the Namgung family to escape this island safely.”

A low sigh escaped from Hyun Jong’s mouth.

Actually, if one thought about it, the reason wasn’t wrong.

Clearly, the Black Dragon King has been subdued. However, the pirates’ forces, excluding the Black Dragon King, remain largely intact. If the Black Dragon King were to die, they would first follow Jang Ilso’s orders.

Common sense would suggest there would be confusion during the transfer of command…

‘Since the opponent is Jang Ilso, that kind of thing wouldn’t happen.’

His position as the leader of the Four Precepts Alliance and his reputation as the Hegemony Lord made Jang Ilso a symbol of the Evil Sect. If Jang Ilso, rather than the Black Dragon King, were to command the pirates, morale might actually increase.

Furthermore, it’s unlikely that Jang Ilso didn’t prepare for this situation in advance.

In the end, to escape this island, he would have to confront the remnants of the pirates and the Ten Thousand People clan, who had not yet moved.

Even his foothold has now been lost.

Hyun Jong’s gaze unconsciously turned to the other side of the river.

If Shaolin on the riverside moved, it might be worthwhile to fight…

‘But that is a difficult thing to hope for.’

Hyun Jong had a gut feeling. Shaolin would not move.

If they had intended to join forces, they should have moved together before the situation deteriorated when Mount Hua attacked the island. They would just watch, having missed their chance.

“Are you saying that if we release the Black Dragon King, you will send us back across the Yangtze River?”

Jang Ilso answered with a soft smile.

There was no need to judge whether that statement was true or not.

It wasn’t because Hyun Jong trusted Jang Ilso. In fact, if you were to choose the person in this world who trusted Jang Ilso the least, it would be Hyun Jong.

But that was why he could trust him.

A big liar didn’t lie about small things. Those who tried to deceive the world were usually truthful.

From Hyun Jong’s perspective, the Black Dragon King’s life was a small matter. However, from Jang Ilso’s perspective, it’s definitely not a trivial matter that would undermine the world’s trust in him.

Jang Ilso gently pressured Hyun Jong.

“Would you release the Black Dragon King and go home in peace? Or…”

Jang Ilso’s nails scratched his lips.

The moment his nails left his lips, a chilling voice leaked from Jang Ilso’s mouth.

“Should I kill you all here?”

This was clearly a threat, sending a chill down Hyun Jong’s spine.

Hyun Jong forcefully suppressed his racing heart.

Should he cut off the Black Dragon King’s head and aim for negotiation with Jang Ilso?

Or should he leave Mount Hua, the Tang family, and Namgung alive and retreat like this for their safety?

This was probably a difficult decision that no one in the world could easily make.

Hyun Jong looked at Mount Hua’s disciples. They were all looking at him with eyes full of trust.

No matter what came out of his mouth, they would simply believe and follow, even if the price for that choice was their death; they would gladly accept it.

The one who stood in the position representing Mount Hua must naturally accept such a gaze. To do that, he must become an incredibly great person.

A faint smile formed on Hyun Jong’s lips.

‘I am a small person.’

Acknowledging that fact made him feel better. He was not the kind of person they wanted him to be.

That was why he could understand. He didn’t know what choice the sect leader of Mount Hua should make, but it was clear what choice Hyun Jong had to make.

Hyun Jong looked at Chung Myung one last time.

A small smile appeared on Chung Myung’s lips as he understood the true meaning of the gaze. It seemed to say that it was enough.

Hyun Jong finally took a deep breath and looked at Jang Ilso.

No matter how much he had made up his mind, Jang Ilso was still an overwhelming presence.

However, Hyun Jong didn’t necessarily need to be greater than Jang Ilso.

Jang Ilso tilted his head slightly.

“Have you made up your mind, sect leader?”

Hyun Jong opened his mouth calmly, still facing that gentle smile.

Hyun Jong paused for a moment and said firmly.

“I will not accept the proposal of the Alliance Lord.”

At that moment, Jang Ilso halted his body there.

Jang Ilso’s gaze, completely frozen as if he had forgotten to breathe, would not leave Hyun Jong.

But that lasted only for a moment, and soon, his face contorted horribly. It was truly a dramatic change.

“… what did you say?”

As Jang Ilso growled, throwing off the formality he had been wearing like fancy clothes, the Mount Hua swordsmen who had been guarding Hyun Jong stepped ahead at once.

The negotiations broke down.

A terrifying killing intent rose on Jang Ilso’s face.

At that very moment.

Hyun Jong continued speaking in a calm voice.

“I will release the Black Dragon King.”

Jang Ilso stared at Hyun Jong. He did not immediately understand Hyun Jong’s intentions.

“Mount Hua does not negotiate with the Four Precepts Alliance.”

“The reason we are releasing the Black Dragon King is because we planned to do so from the start.”

“You planned to do so?”

When Hyun Jong slowly turned his gaze, there was Namgung Do-Wei, who was gripping his sword so tightly that his hand turned white.

“This revenge is not for Mount Hua.”

“Mount Hua came here at Namgung’s request. It wasn’t to gain fame nor to shake up the murim world. We simply could not turn away from the request of one person.”

Jang Ilso stared blankly at Hyun Jong as if he had been hit in the back of the head. This must have been the first time in his life that he had seen such an expression on his face.

“Therefore, it is only right that the revenge against the Black Dragon King be carried out in the name of the Namgung family. Mount Hua has no right to snatch it away from them.”

“Then I will release the Black Dragon King. And you, too, the Hegemony Lord, please return now. This is not the place for you or us to stay.”

At that moment, Jang Ilso’s face distorted strangely. It seemed like he was smiling, or maybe he was disappointed, or probably angry.

Jang Ilso, who had been looking at Hyun Jong like that as if he had seen a ghost, slowly turned his head.

He was smiling brightly at Jang Ilso.

Return of the Mount Hua Sect

Supported formats: .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .webp, .gifAllowed hosts: postimg.cc, imgur.com

Help us keep the community safe

This action cannot be undone

Are you sure you want to delete this comment? This will permanently remove the comment and all its replies if any.